Letter from Our Lead 
Independent Director 
Fellow Stockholders, 
In 2025, Netflix made meaningful progress on our key 
priorities. We met or exceeded all of our financial objectives, 
closing the year with over 325 million paid memberships, 
increasing revenue by 16% to approximately $45.2 billion, 
expanding our operating margin by 3 points to 29.5% and 
more than doubling ad revenue to over $1.5 billion. 
Last year, we delivered a variety of quality films and series 
enjoyed by audiences worldwide and rolled out our 
redesigned TV experience, giving members an even better 
way to discover their new favorite title. We broke records in 
viewership with new hits like KPop Demon Hunters; brought 
back highly-anticipated franchises like Wednesday and the 
concluding chapters of Squid Game and Stranger Things; 
celebrated award-winning stories, including Adolescence; 
and continued to release must-watch live events, such as the 
Anthony Joshua vs. Jake Paul boxing match and NFL games 
on Christmas Day. 
As we look to 2026, we’re more focused than ever on 
improving our core business, sustaining healthy growth and 
continuing to bring value to our stockholders. We intend to do 
this by delivering more films and series our members will love, 
enhancing our product, strengthening our growing ads 
business and expanding into even more content categories 
with live, video podcasts and games. 
At the 2026 annual meeting, Reed Hastings will not stand for 
re-election to the Board. Reed founded Netflix and led it from 
a DVD-by-mail service to one of the leading entertainment 
companies, helping shape not just our business, but the 
broader entertainment industry. On behalf of the Board and 
management, we extend our deep gratitude to Reed for his 
vision, leadership and years of extraordinary service to Netflix. 
This is an exciting time for our business and we remain 
optimistic about our future. The Board and management 
continue to engage stockholders in discussions and 
appreciate the perspectives they share with us. On behalf of 
the Board and management, we thank you for your 
investment. 
Warm regards, 
Jay C. Hoag
Lead Independent Director 