2 
Inclusion 
We believe an important component of our success is our company culture. This culture, which is detailed in the “Netflix Culture 
Memo” located on our website, incorporates Inclusion as one of our values. We aim to attract and retain great people - 
representing a broad array of perspectives and skills - to work together as a dream team. We want more people and cultures to 
see themselves reflected on screen, so it is important that our employee base represents the communities we serve. 
In 2025, we published our annual Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report, which included a snapshot of 
representation within the Company, as well as disclosures related to recruitment, retention and pay equity. We also separately 
publish our U.S. Employer Equal Opportunity data (“EEO-1 data”) reaching back to our 2014 filing. 
Environment 
In 2025, we made further progress towards meeting our climate targets. We continued to (a) optimize, electrify and decarbonize 
energy use in productions and operations, including the studios and offices we own and lease, (b) increase the use of 
state-of-the-art cleantech like electric vehicles and clean mobile power in physical productions, helping to modernize the 
making of film and television, and (c) match any remaining emissions in support of global net zero goals by investing in natural 
climate solutions and super pollutant (e.g., methane) destruction. We hold ourselves accountable to our targets through our 
annual ESG report, where we discuss our carbon accounting and other updates. 
Transparency 
We are committed to continued stockholder engagement and transparency and provide comprehensive ESG-related information 
on our Investor Relations website and in our ESG Report published annually. We align our reporting to the Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) reporting 
framework for the “Internet & Media Services” and “Media & Entertainment” industries. The ESG Reports, Political Activity 
Disclosures, EEO-1 data and other ESG information are available at ir.netflix.net/esg. 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | NETFLIX 2025 YEAR IN REVIEW 