4 
Directors Standing for Election 
Our Board currently consists of the following 13 members: Richard Barton, Mathias Döpfner, Reed Hastings, Jay Hoag, Leslie 
Kilgore, Strive Masiyiwa, Ann Mather, Elinor Mertz, Greg Peters, Ambassador Susan Rice, Ted Sarandos, Brad Smith and Anne 
Sweeney. Ms. Mertz was appointed to the Board in June 2025. Mr. Hastings has informed the Company of his decision not to 
stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. Each current director, other than Mr. Hastings, has been nominated for election at
the Annual Meeting. Unless otherwise instructed, the proxy holders will vote the proxies received by them for each of the 
12 director nominees nominated by the Board in this Proxy Statement. If any of the nominees is unable or declines to serve as a
director at the time of the Annual Meeting, the proxies will be voted for a substitute nominee designated by the Board to fill the 
vacancy. Each nominee has agreed to serve as a director of the Company if elected. 
Nominee Age Principal Occupation 
Richard Barton 58 co-Executive Chairman and co-founder of Zillow Group 
Mathias Döpfner 63 Chairman and CEO of Axel Springer SE 
Jay Hoag 67 General Partner, TCV 
Leslie Kilgore 60 Former Chief Marketing Officer of Netflix 
Strive Masiyiwa 65 Founder and Executive Chairman of Econet Global 
Ann Mather 66 Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pixar 
Elinor Mertz 49 Chief Financial Officer of Airbnb, Inc. 
Greg Peters 55 co-Chief Executive Officer and President of Netflix 
Ambassador Susan Rice 61 Former US Permanent Representative to the United Nations 
Ted Sarandos 61 co-Chief Executive Officer and President of Netflix 
Brad Smith 67 Vice Chairman and President of Microsoft 
Anne Sweeney 68 Former Co-Chair, Disney Media Networks and President, Disney/ABC 
Television Group 
Each nominee has extensive business experience, education and personal skills that qualifies them to serve as an effective Board 
member. The specific experience, qualifications and skills of each nominee are set forth below. The Nominating and Governance 
Committee evaluates potential candidates for service on the Board. 
Mr. Hoag did not receive a majority of votes cast in his election to the Board at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, and in 
accordance with the Company’s director resignation policy, Mr. Hoag offered his resignation, conditioned upon Board 
acceptance. Pursuant to the Company’s director resignation policy, the Nominating and Governance Committee considered 
Mr. Hoag’s offer of resignation and whether to recommend that the Board accept or reject the offer. Mr. Hoag did not participate 
in the Nominating and Governance Committee or the Board’s determination regarding his resignation. The Nominating and 
Governance Committee considered a variety of factors relative to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, as 
more fully described below. The Nominating and Governance Committee recommended that the Board reject Mr. Hoag’s 
resignation offer. 
On June 22, 2025, the Board rejected Mr. Hoag’s resignation. The Board, consistent with the Nominating and Governance 
Committee’s recommendation, determined that Mr. Hoag’s continued service as a member of the Board is in the best interests of 
the Company and its stockholders. 
We believe that Mr. Hoag did not receive a majority of votes cast in his election to the Board because he attended less than 75% 
of the meetings of his total board and committee meetings in 2024. Upon the recommendation of the Nominating and 
Governance Committee to reject Mr. Hoag’s offer of resignation, the Board determined that his absences in 2024 did not 
indicate a lack of commitment to his duties, noting that Mr. Hoag possesses an otherwise exemplary attendance record. 
Mr. Hoag’s attendance rate was 97% in the five years prior to 2024. The Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board 
noted that despite his absence from certain meetings during 2024, Mr. Hoag remained engaged with the Company and Board 
activities by attending meetings with senior management, engaging in pre-Board meeting memos, and helping to set agenda 
topics for meetings. In addition, Mr. Hoag committed to returning to his historic pattern of meeting attendance and continuing to 
be fully committed to the Board. 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | PROPOSAL 1: OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 