8 
Reed Hastings* CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD 
Other Public 
Company Boards 
• None 
DIRECTOR AND CHAIRPERSON SINCE: 1997 AGE: 65 
COMMITTEES: NONE 
Why this director is valuable to Netflix 
Mr. Hastings co-founded Netflix in 1997 and effective April 17, 2025, he transitioned from 
Executive Chairman to Chairman of the Board and a non-executive director. He previously 
served as the co-Chief Executive Officer and President of Netflix for over 25 years. He deeply 
understands the technology and business of Netflix and brings strategic and operational insight 
to the Board. He is also a software engineer, holds an M.S.C.S. in Artificial Intelligence from 
Stanford University, and has unique management and industry insights. 
Also… 
Mr. Hastings is an active educational philanthropist: he served on the California State Board of 
education from 2000 to 2004, and after receiving his B.A. from Bowdoin College in 1983 served 
in the Peace Corps as a high school math teacher. Mr. Hastings previously served on the board of 
Facebook, Inc. from 2011 to 2019 and Microsoft Corporation from 2007 to 2012. He currently 
serves on the boards of Bloomberg LP, Anthropic PBC and numerous non-profit organizations. 
Career Snapshot: 
• CEO, Powder Mountain (2023-Present) 
• Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President (1999-January 2023) and Chairman of Netflix 
(since 1997) 
• Founder, Pure Software (1991) through IPO (1995) and ultimate sale to Rational Software 
* Mr. Hastings is not standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting. 
Jay C. Hoag LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
Other Public 
Company Boards 
• Peloton Interactive, Inc. 
• Zillow Group, Inc. 
DIRECTOR SINCE: 1999 AGE: 67 
COMMITTEES: NOMINATING AND 
GOVERNANCE (CHAIR) 
Why this director is valuable to Netflix 
As a venture capital investor, Mr. Hoag brings strategic insights and financial experience to the 
Board. He has evaluated, invested in and served as a board member for numerous companies, 
both public and private, and is familiar with a full range of corporate and board functions. His 
many years of experience in helping companies shape and implement strategy provide the 
Board with unique perspectives on matters such as risk management, corporate governance, 
talent selection and management. 
Also… 
Mr. Hoag has been a technology investor and venture capitalist for more than 43 years, involved in 
numerous technology investments, including Actuate Software (acquired by OpenText), Airbnb, 
Ariba (acquired by SAP), Altiris (acquired by Symantec), BlueCoat Systems (formerly CacheFlow), 
C|NET, eHarmony, Electronic Arts, Encompass (acquired by Yahoo!), EXE Technologies (acquired 
by SSA Global), Expedia, Facebook, Fandango (acquired by Comcast), Groupon, LinkedIn, ONYX 
Software, Peloton, Prodege (parent company of Swagbucks & acquired by a private equity firm), 
RealNetworks, Sportradar, Spotify, SpringStreet (acquired by Homestore.com), Strava, 
TechTarget, TripAdvisor, Vacationspot.com (acquired by Expedia), Viant (acquired by iXL), and 
Zillow. Mr. Hoag is chair of TCV’s Investment Committee, a member of TCV’s Executive 
Committee, and is on the Investment Advisory Committee at the University of Michigan, the Board 
of Trustees of Northwestern University, and is a Trustee Emeritus at Vanderbilt University. 
Previously, Mr. Hoag served on the board of directors of a number of other public and private 
companies, including Tripadvisor, Inc. from 2018 to 2025, Electronic Arts from 2011 to 2021, 
Prodege from 2014 to 2021, and TCV Acquisition Corp. from 2021 to 2023. Mr. Hoag holds an 
M.B.A. from the University of Michigan and a B.A. from Northwestern University. 
Career Snapshot: 
• Founding General Partner of TCV (Technology Crossover Ventures), a venture capital firm 
(since 1995) 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | PROPOSAL 1: OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 