12 
Ted Sarandos 
CO-CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
PRESIDENT OF THE COMPANY AND 
DIRECTOR 
Other Public Company 
Boards 
• Spotify Technology S.A. 
DIRECTOR SINCE: 2020 AGE: 61 
COMMITTEES: NONE 
Why this director is valuable to Netflix 
Mr. Sarandos, as co-Chief Executive Officer and former Chief Content Officer, has significant 
executive management and leadership experience and is integral to developing corporate 
strategy. His in-depth knowledge about Netflix and experience in the entertainment industry 
provide a unique business perspective to the Board. 
Also… 
Mr. Sarandos has been responsible for all content operations since 2000, and led the 
Company’s transition into original content production that began in 2013 with the launch of 
series such as House of Cards, Arrested Development and Orange is the New Black. With more 
than 20 years’ experience in home entertainment, he is recognized in the industry as an 
innovator in film acquisition and distribution and was named one of Time Magazine’s 100 Most 
Influential People of 2013. He is a Henry Crown Fellow at the Aspen Institute, a trustee of the 
American Film Institute, and on the boards of the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures and 
Exploring the Arts. Mr. Sarandos was awarded a CBE, (Commander of the British Empire) from 
King Charles in 2024, for extraordinary service to the creative industries in the United Kingdom. 
Career Snapshot: 
• co-Chief Executive Officer (since 2020) and Chief Content Officer of Netflix (2000-January 
2023) 
• Executive at video distributor ETD and Video City/West Coast video, a video rental retail chain 
• Producer/Executive Producer for award-winning and critically acclaimed documentaries and 
independent films including the Emmy-nominated Outrage and Tony Bennett: The Music 
Never Ends. 
Brad Smith INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
Other Public 
Company Boards 
• None 
DIRECTOR SINCE: 2015 AGE: 67 
COMMITTEES: NOMINATING AND 
GOVERNANCE 
Why this director is valuable to Netflix 
With a leading role at Microsoft, Mr. Smith brings broad business and international experience on 
a variety of issues, including government affairs and public policy to the Board. Mr. Smith also 
brings experience playing a key role in representing Microsoft externally and in leading 
Microsoft’s work on a number of critical issues, involving the intersection of technology and 
society, including artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, privacy, accessibility, environmental 
sustainability and digital safety, among others, which provides additional expertise to the Board. 
Also… 
Mr. Smith holds a B.A. in international relations and economics from Princeton, a J.D. from 
Columbia University School of Law and also studied international law and economics at the 
Graduate Institute of International Studies in Geneva. 
Career Snapshot: 
• Vice Chair and President of Microsoft (since 2021); he originally joined Microsoft in 1993 
• Associate and then Partner, Covington & Burling (1986-1993) 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | PROPOSAL 1: OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 