16 
How We are Selected, Elected 
and Evaluated 
Consideration of Director Nominees 
Director Qualifications 
In discharging its responsibilities to nominate candidates for election to the Board, the Nominating and Governance Committee 
has not specified any minimum qualifications for serving on the Board. However, the Nominating and Governance Committee 
endeavors to evaluate, propose and approve candidates with business experience, diversity, as well as personal skills and 
knowledge with respect to technology, finance, marketing, financial reporting and any other areas that may be expected to 
contribute to an effective Board. With respect to diversity, the committee may consider such factors as diversity in viewpoint,
professional experience, education, international experience, skills and other individual qualifications and attributes that 
contribute to board heterogeneity, including characteristics such as gender, race, and national origin. 
Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Directors 
The Nominating and Governance Committee utilizes a variety of methods for identifying and evaluating nominees for director. 
Candidates may come to the attention of the Nominating and Governance Committee through management, current Board 
members, stockholders or other persons. These candidates are evaluated at meetings of the Nominating and Governance 
Committee as necessary and discussed by the members of the Nominating and Governance Committee from time to time. 
Candidates may be considered at any point during the year. 
The Nominating and Governance Committee considers properly submitted stockholder nominations for candidates for the 
Board. Following verification of the stockholder status of persons proposing candidates, recommendations are aggregated and 
considered by the Nominating and Governance Committee. If any materials are provided by a stockholder in connection with the 
nomination of a director candidate, such materials are forwarded to the Nominating and Governance Committee. The 
Nominating and Governance Committee also reviews materials provided by professional search firms or other parties in 
connection with a nominee who is not proposed by a stockholder. 
Stockholder Nominees 
The Nominating and Governance Committee considers properly submitted stockholder nominations for candidates for 
membership on the Board as described under “Identifying and Evaluating Nominees for Directors.” Any stockholder nominations 
proposed for consideration by the Nominating and Governance Committee should include the nominee’s name and qualifications 
for Board membership. In addition, they should be submitted within the time frame as specified under “Stockholder Proposals” 
and mailed to: Netflix, Inc., 121 Albright Way, Los Gatos, California 95032, Attention: Secretary, with a copy via email to 
stockholderproposals@netflix.com. 
Our Bylaws provide a proxy access right for stockholders, pursuant to which a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders,
owning at least three percent of outstanding shares of our common stock continuously for at least three years, may nominate and
include in our annual meeting proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of (a) two directors or (b) twenty 
percent of the Board, subject to certain limitations and provided that the stockholders and nominees satisfy the requirements 
specified in our Bylaws. Appropriately nominated proxy access nominees or nominees who comply with both our advance notice 
bylaw provisions and the SEC’s Rule 14a-19 will be included in the Company’s proxy statement and ballot. 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | PROPOSAL 1: OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 