18 
How We Govern 
and are Governed 
Our Approach to Corporate Governance 
Corporate Governance Philosophy 
Netflix operates in a highly competitive industry and has been in a state of constant innovation since inception. We have 
redefined how people watch video entertainment—first through DVD-by-mail, then streaming video, and now as one of the 
world’s leading entertainment services. We compete with a broad set of activities for consumers’ leisure time including other 
entertainment video providers, such as linear television, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated 
content), video gaming providers, open content platform providers, which provide access to user-generated and professionally 
produced content, and more broadly against other sources of entertainment, such as social media, that our members could 
choose in their moments of free time, and we expect our industry to remain highly competitive as this dynamic market continues 
to evolve and entertainment companies all around the world develop their own streaming offering. 
Our corporate governance structure is built against this backdrop. Governance, in this context, means finding the right balance of 
rights and responsibilities among stockholders, the Board, and management, and ensuring that there are appropriate checks and 
balances in place. With the rapid evolution of technology and the changing media landscape, we are continually adjusting our 
service to meet the dynamic needs and desires of our consumers. Our governance structure is built to help us to do that. 
Corporate Governance Practices and Stockholder Rights 
We seek to implement corporate governance practices and stockholder rights to align with the long-term interests of 
stockholders and have adopted the following: 
• One share, one vote: We have a single class of shares with each share entitled to one vote. 
• Majority voting standard: We have a majority voting standard in uncontested director elections. 
• Annual director elections: All directors are elected annually for a one-year term. 
• Elimination of supermajority voting: We eliminated supermajority voting provisions in our Charter and Bylaws. 
• Proxy Access: A group of up to 20 stockholders, owning at least 3% of shares continuously for at least three years may 
nominate up to two directors or 20% of the Board (whichever is greater) for inclusion in our proxy statement. 
• Stockholder right to call a special meeting: Stockholders holding a not less than 20% net-long position in the Company 
continuously for at least one year may call a special meeting. 
• Director resignation policy: Any incumbent director who fails to receive a majority of votes cast in an uncontested election 
must tender their resignation to the Board. The Nominating and Governance Committee must then make a recommendation to 
the Board regarding whether to accept or reject the resignation or take other action. The Board will act on the Nominating and 
Governance Committee’s recommendation and publicly disclose its decision and the rationale within 90 days from the date the 
election results are certified. 
• Policy on directors’ service on other public company boards: Our corporate governance guidelines provide that the Netflix 
co-CEOs may not serve on more than one board of other public companies in addition to the Company’s Board, and that 
directors other than the co-CEOs, may not serve on more than four boards of other public companies in addition to the 
Company’s Board. 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | PROPOSAL 1: OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 