19 
• Stock ownership requirements: Our stock ownership guidelines require that, within five years of 2024 or, for future executive 
officers, within five years of first becoming a Netflix Rule 3b-7 executive officer, each executive officer own at least a number 
of shares equal to a multiple of the executive officer’s base salary: 6x base salary for the co-CEOs and 3x base salary for the
other executive officers. 
Stockholder Engagement and Responsive Feedback 
We are dedicated to engaging with our stockholders to solicit their views on a wide variety of issues, including corporate 
governance, environmental and social matters, executive compensation and other matters. We proactively engage with our 
stockholders throughout the year, and directors regularly participate in these discussions. 
Over the past several years, in response to stockholder feedback, and as part of our ongoing evaluation of best practices, the 
Board has incorporated enhancements to our disclosures and corporate governance practices. A few highlights are below. 
• Executive Compensation Program Changes: We significantly evolved our executive compensation program effective in 2023 
and 2024 in response to stockholder feedback. At the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, our say-on-pay proposal 
received 82.2% support, which reflects a meaningful improvement over the prior year’s vote, and in 2025, our say-on-pay 
proposal received 85.3% support. We believe this is an acknowledgment of the significant changes made to our executive 
compensation program in response to stockholder feedback. For further details on our executive compensation program, 
please see the section entitled “Compensation Discussion and Analysis.” 
• Corporate Governance: 
• In 2022, we made a number of corporate governance changes in response to stockholder feedback, including the removal 
of supermajority voting provisions, providing stockholders the ability to call special meetings, phased-in declassification of 
the Board and changing the voting standard for our directors in uncontested elections. 
• In 2024, we adopted corporate governance guidelines, which in conjunction with our Charter and Bylaws, provide the 
framework pursuant to which the Board oversees the Company’s business in accordance with its fiduciary responsibilities. 
The corporate governance guidelines address various issues such as board composition, director qualifications, board 
terms, board responsibilities and procedures, among other items. In particular, the corporate governance guidelines 
include a policy for directors’ service on other public company boards. Namely, our co-CEOs may not serve on more than 
one board of other public companies in addition to the Netflix board, and directors other than the co-CEOs may not serve 
on more than four boards of other public companies in addition to the Netflix board. 
• We also adopted a Human Rights Statement in 2024. 
• Transparency: We have published annually an ESG Report that covers our ESG information for the prior year. We also post our 
Political Activities Disclosures and EEO-1 reports on our investor relations website. 
2025 Stockholder Proposals 
At our 2025 annual meeting, stockholders presented five proposals for a vote. While these proposals did not receive majority 
support from our stockholders, the Board considers the voting outcome of all proposals and the feedback stockholders provide 
during engagement. Stockholders provided feedback regarding the proposal to lower the special meeting threshold, conveying 
mixed views on the requested 15% threshold. With regard to the proposal requesting a climate transition plan, stockholders 
acknowledged that we already provide transparent climate-related disclosures and recognized that the regulatory landscape was 
evolving. 
Engagement following 2025 Annual Meeting 
Cumulatively, since the 2025 annual meeting, we invited 25 stockholders, representing approximately 55% of our shares 
outstanding as of December 31, 2025 to engage and provide feedback. We met with 22 stockholders, collectively representing 
approximately 45% of our shares outstanding, including stockholders who reached out to Netflix for engagement. Members of 
the Netflix Legal and Investor Relations teams participated in all stockholder meetings, and directors participated in 
PROPOSAL 1: OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS | NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 