20 
approximately 45% of the engagements, meeting with stockholders representing approximately 38% of shares outstanding. We 
also engaged with the proxy advisory firm, Institutional Shareholder Services. 
Our engagement discussions following the 2025 annual meeting covered a wide range of issues, including corporate 
governance, strategic priorities, performance, and environmental and social matters, as well as the previously proposed 
acquisition of Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. Stockholders asked questions about our use and governance of generative AI, human 
capital management, climate strategy, board composition, the Board’s rejection of Jay Hoag’s resignation, executive 
compensation, data privacy, cybersecurity, as well as stockholder proposals. 
The Role of the Board in Risk Oversight 
The Board’s role in our risk oversight process includes reviewing and discussing with members of management areas of material 
risk to the Company, including overall enterprise, strategic, operational, financial and legal risks. The Board oversees the 
Company’s ESG efforts. The Board also oversees succession planning. The Board receives regular updates from management, 
typically in the form of an interactive memo, where directors ask questions to management, and further discuss matters at 
meetings. Each of the committees oversee various ESG matters, depending on the specific issues. Committees report to the full 
Board regarding their respective considerations and actions. 
Board 
The Board as a whole oversees matters related to enterprise, strategic, operational, financial and legal risk and the 
Company’s ESG efforts. 
Nominating and Governance 
Committee 
Primary committee responsible for 
Board structure, governance and 
director independence, as well as 
assisting the Board in overseeing 
ESG matters 
Audit Committee 
Oversees matters of financial and 
legal risk, including cybersecurity risk 
Compensation Committee 
Oversees risks related to 
compensation issues 
Company management
The executive team, led by our co-CEOs, supervises day-to-day risk management processes, including identifying, 
assessing, monitoring, managing and mitigating significant business risks. Company management reports to the Board 
on an annual basis, or more frequently if needed, on top areas of risk. 
Code of Ethics 
We have adopted a Code of Ethics for our directors, officers and other employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available on 
our Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.net/governancedocs. Any changes to or waivers of the Code of Ethics will be posted at 
that website. 
Insider Trading Policy 
We have adopted an Insider Trading Policy which governs transactions in our securities by the Company and our directors, 
officers, employees, consultants, and contractors, which we believe is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider 
trading laws, rules and regulations, and any listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of our insider trading policy is 
filed as Exhibit 19.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | PROPOSAL 1: OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 