21 
How We are Organized 
Board Meetings and Committees 
The Board held six meetings during 2025. Each Board member attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of 
Board meetings and meetings of the Board committees. 
As of the date of this Proxy Statement, the Board has three standing committees: (1) the Compensation Committee; (2) the Audit 
Committee; and (3) the Nominating and Governance Committee. 
Compensation Committee 
The Compensation Committee of the Board consists of three non-employee directors: Mr. Döpfner and Mses. Kilgore (Chair) and 
Sweeney. Mr. Haley served as the Chair of the Compensation Committee through June 5, 2025, and Ms. Kilgore moved from the 
Audit Committee to serve as the Chair of the Compensation Committee in June 2025. Each member of the Compensation 
Committee is independent in compliance with the rules of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market as they 
pertain to Compensation Committee members. Each of the Compensation Committee members is also a non-employee director 
under Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The Compensation Committee 
reviews and approves all forms of compensation to be provided to our executive officers and directors. For a description of the
role of the executive officers in recommending compensation and the role of any compensation consultants, please see the 
section entitled “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” below. The Compensation Committee held three meetings in 2025. 
Each member attended all the Compensation Committee meetings held in 2025. 
The Report of the Compensation Committee is included in this Proxy Statement. In addition, the Board has adopted a written 
charter for the Compensation Committee, which is available on our Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.net/governancedocs. 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee of the Board consists of three non-employee directors: Mr. Barton, and Mses. Mather (Chair) and Mertz 
(from June 2025), each of whom is independent in compliance with the rules of the SEC and the listing standards of the Nasdaq 
Stock Market as they pertain to audit committee members. Ms. Kilgore served on the Audit Committee until June 2025, when 
she moved to serve as the Chair of the Compensation Committee. The Board has determined that Ms. Mather is an audit 
committee financial expert as defined by Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
The Audit Committee engages the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, reviews the Company’s financial 
controls, evaluates the scope of the annual audit, reviews audit results, consults with management and the Company’s 
independent registered public accounting firm prior to the presentation of financial statements to stockholders and, as 
appropriate, initiates inquiries into aspects of the Company’s internal accounting controls and financial affairs. The Audit 
Committee met seven times in 2025. Each member attended all of the Audit Committee meetings held in 2025. 
The Report of the Audit Committee is included in this Proxy Statement. In addition, the Board has adopted a written charter for
the Audit Committee, which is available on our Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.net/governancedocs. 
Nominating and Governance Committee 
The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board consists of four non-employee directors, Messrs. Hoag (Chair), Smith 
and Masiyiwa, and Ambassador Rice. Each director serving on the Nominating and Governance Committee is independent under 
the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 
PROPOSAL 1: OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS | NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 