22 
The Nominating and Governance Committee reviews and approves candidates for election and to fill vacancies on the Board, 
including re-nominations of members whose terms are due to expire, and reviews and provides guidance to the Board on 
corporate governance matters. The Nominating and Governance Committee met four times in 2025. Each member attended all 
the Nominating and Governance Committee meetings held in 2025, other than Mr. Hoag, who did not attend the Nominating and 
Governance Committee meeting convened to consider his resignation. Mr. Hoag attended all other Board and Nominating and 
Governance Committee meetings. 
The Board has adopted a written charter for the Nominating and Governance Committee, which is available on our Investor 
Relations website at ir.netflix.net/governancedocs. 
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider 
Participation 
None of our executive officers serves on the board of directors or compensation committee of a company that has an executive 
officer that serves on our Board or Compensation Committee. No member of our Board is an executive officer of a company in 
which one of our executive officers serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of that company. 
In 2025, the Compensation Committee consisted of Messrs. Döpfner and Haley (through June 5, 2025), and Mses. Sweeney and 
Kilgore (from June 2025), none of whom is currently or was formerly an officer or employee of the Company, other than 
Ms. Kilgore, who served as the Company’s chief marketing officer from 2000-2012. None of Messrs. Döpfner or Haley or 
Mses. Sweeney or Kilgore had a relationship with the Company that required disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. In 
addition to Messrs. Döpfner and Haley, and Mses. Sweeney and Kilgore, our co-CEOs and Chief Talent Officer participated in the 
executive compensation process for the year ended December 31, 2025 as described below in the section entitled 
“Compensation Discussion and Analysis.” 
Policy Regarding Director Attendance at the Annual Meeting 
Our policy regarding directors’ attendance at the annual meetings of stockholders and their attendance record at last year’s 
annual meeting of stockholders can be found on our Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.net/governancedocs. 
The Board’s Leadership Structure 
Reed Hastings, the co-founder and former co-CEO and President of the Company, currently serves as the Chairman of the 
Board. The Board determined that Mr. Hastings is best situated to serve as the Chairman given his role as the founder and former 
CEO. The co-CEOs also serve on the Board. The Board has appointed Jay Hoag as its lead independent director. Mr. Hastings 
has informed the Company of his decision not to stand for re-election at the Annual Meeting. In light of this decision, the Board 
will evaluate and determine the Board’s leadership structure. As lead independent director, Mr. Hoag’s responsibilities include: 
• coordinating the activities of the independent directors, and authorization to call meetings of the independent directors; 
• coordinating with the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer(s) and Corporate Secretary, as appropriate, in helping set the agenda 
for Board meetings, including suggestions from other members of the Board; 
• chairing executive sessions of the independent directors; 
• providing feedback and perspective to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer(s) about discussions among the independent 
directors; 
• helping facilitate communication among the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer(s) and the independent directors; 
• presiding at Board meetings where the Chairman is not present; and 
• performing other duties assigned from time to time by the Board. 
• In addition, the Board maintains effective independent oversight through a number of governance practices, including, open 
and direct communication with management, input on meeting agendas, periodic performance evaluations and regular 
executive sessions. 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | PROPOSAL 1: OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 