26 
Certain Relationships and 
Related Transactions 
Agreements with Directors and Executive Officers 
We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. These agreements require us 
to indemnify such individuals, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, for certain liabilities to which they may become 
subject as a result of their affiliation with us. 
In 2025, Mr. Sarandos’ son, a working film editor, was engaged to serve as an editor on various Netflix content productions. His 
total compensation in fiscal year 2025 exceeded the $120,000 reporting threshold. The compensation he received was 
consistent with the level and type of compensation provided to other employees in similar positions and in accordance with 
relevant union fee rates. 
In 2025, Mr. Sarandos’ wife, an award-winning producer, was engaged to serve as a producer on two Netflix content 
productions. The compensation structures for her engagements were consistent with industry practice and with the 
compensation of other producers on the same productions. For producers that work on Netflix productions, compensation 
structure varies depending on the production, and other than any development fee that may be applicable, producer fees are 
contingent upon a production being greenlit. For one production, she is eligible to be compensated up to $500,000, contingent 
upon the production meeting certain milestones. To date, she has received $6,250 on this production. For a second production, 
she is eligible to be compensated up to $800,000, contingent upon the production meeting certain milestones. To date, she has 
not received any compensation on the second production. To the extent either one or both of the productions are not greenlit, 
she may not receive any further compensation. 
Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions 
We have a written policy concerning the review and approval of related party transactions. Potential related party transactions
are identified through an internal review process that includes a review of payments made in connection with transactions in 
which related persons may have had a direct or indirect material interest. Those transactions that are determined to be related
party transactions under Item 404 of Regulation S-K are submitted for review by the Audit Committee for approval and to 
conduct a conflicts-of-interest analysis. The individual identified as the “related party” may not participate in any review or
analysis of the related party transaction. 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | PROPOSAL 1: OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS 