28 
The Audit Committee of the Board has selected Ernst & Young LLP (“EY”), an independent registered public accounting firm, to 
audit the financial statements of the Company for the year ending December 31, 2026. We are submitting its selection of EY for 
ratification by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting. A representative of EY is expected to be present at the Annual Meeting,
will have the opportunity to make a statement and is expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions. EY has served 
as our independent registered public accounting firm since March 21, 2012. Neither applicable law nor our Bylaws require that 
stockholders ratify the selection of EY as our independent registered public accounting firm. However, we are submitting the 
selection of EY to stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. If stockholders do not ratify the selection, 
the Audit Committee will reconsider whether to retain EY. Even if the selection is ratified, the Audit Committee, at its discretion, 
may change the appointment at any time during the year if they determine that such a change would be in the best interests of 
the Company and our stockholders. 
Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
During 2025 and 2024, fees for services provided by EY were as follows (in thousands): 
2025 2024 
Audit Fees $ 8,502 $ 8,094 
Audit-Related Fees 395 325 
Tax Fees 3,042 2,558 
All Other Fees — — 
Total $11,939 $10,977 
Audit Fees include amounts related to the audit of our annual financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, 
and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Audit fees also include amounts 
related to accounting consultations and fees for statutory audit filings. 
Audit-Related Fees include fees related to assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the 
audit or review of our financial statements, including attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation. 
Tax Fees include fees billed for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning services. 
There were no other fees billed by EY for services rendered to us, other than the services described above, in 2025 and 2024. 
The Audit Committee has determined that the rendering of non-audit services by EY was compatible with maintaining their 
independence. 
Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and 
Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm 
The Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public 
accounting firm. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax and other services. Pre-approval is 
generally provided for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services. The 
independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee 
regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this 
pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services on 
a case-by-case basis. During 2025, services provided by EY were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with this 
policy. 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | PROPOSAL 2: OUR AUDITORS 