30 
Report of the Audit Committee 
of the Board 
The Audit Committee engages and supervises the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm and oversees the 
Company’s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board. Management has the primary responsibility for the preparation of 
financial statements and the reporting process, including the systems of internal controls. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, 
the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for 
the year ended December 31, 2025 with management, including a discussion of the quality of the accounting principles, the 
reasonableness of significant judgments made by management and the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements. 
The Audit Committee reviewed with Ernst & Young LLP (“EY”), the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, 
who is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of the Company’s audited financial statements with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America, its judgments as to the quality of the Company’s accounting 
principles and the other matters required to be discussed with the Audit Committee under the auditing standards generally 
accepted in the United States of America, including the matters required by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(“PCAOB”) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). In addition, the Audit Committee has discussed with EY its 
independence from management and the Company and has received the written disclosures and the letter regarding EY’s 
communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence as required by PCAOB rules. 
The Audit Committee also reviewed the fees paid to EY during the year ended December 31, 2025 for audit and non-audit 
services, which fees are described under the heading “Principal Accountant Fees and Services.” The Audit Committee has 
determined that the rendering of all non-audit services by EY were compatible with maintaining its independence. 
The Audit Committee discussed with EY the overall scope and plans for its audit. The Audit Committee met with EY, with and 
without management present, to discuss the results of its examinations, its evaluations of the Company’s internal controls, and
the overall quality of the Company’s financial reporting. 
Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited 
financial statements be included in the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025, for filing with the 
SEC. 
Audit Committee of the Board 
Richard N. Barton 
Ann Mather 
Elinor Mertz 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | PROPOSAL 2: OUR AUDITORS 