35 
As required by section 14A of the Exchange Act (“Section 14A”), as amended by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), we are providing our stockholders with the opportunity to cast a 
non-binding advisory vote to approve the compensation of our Named Executive Officers, as disclosed pursuant to the 
compensation disclosure rules of the SEC (also referred to as “say-on-pay”). 
We currently hold our advisory say-on-pay vote every year. Stockholders will have an opportunity to cast an advisory vote on the 
frequency of say-on-pay votes at least every six years. We currently expect that the next advisory vote on the frequency of the
say-on-pay votes will occur at the 2029 annual meeting of stockholders. 
We encourage stockholders to read the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this Proxy Statement for an overview 
of our executive compensation philosophy and program, which is designed to attract and retain outstanding performers. Our 
compensation practices are guided by market rates and tailored to account for the specific needs and responsibilities of the 
particular position, as well as the performance and unique qualifications of the individual employee, rather than by seniority.
The Compensation Committee believes our compensation structure helps attract and retain top talent to support our growth, 
incentivizes our Named Executive Officers to execute on strategies aimed at achieving long-term success and aligns with 
stockholder interests. 
Required Vote 
The affirmative vote of the majority of the shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the 
proposal is required to approve the compensation of our Named Executive Officers disclosed in this Proxy Statement. The vote is
an advisory vote, and therefore not binding. 
Netflix Recommendation 
The Board unanimously recommends that the stockholders vote “FOR” approval of 
our Named Executive Officer compensation disclosed in this Proxy Statement. 
OUR PAY: ADVISORY APPROVAL OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER COMPENSATION | NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 