37 
2025 Named Executive Officers 
This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the compensation program for our Named Executive Officers listed 
below, and the titles reflect the positions held by each Named Executive Officer on December 31, 2025. 
• Ted Sarandos, co-Chief Executive Officer and President 
• Greg Peters, co-Chief Executive Officer and President 
• Reed Hastings, former Executive Chairman of the Board(1)
• Spencer Neumann, Chief Financial Officer 
• David Hyman, Chief Legal Officer 
• Clete Willems, Chief Global Affairs Officer(2)
Messrs. Sarandos, Peters, Hastings (through April 2025), Neumann, Hyman and Willems (from April 2025) were the only 
individuals who served as executive officers as defined under Rule 3b-7 (“Executive Officers”) of Netflix during 2025. 
(1) Effective April 17, 2025, Mr. Hastings transitioned from Executive Chairman to Chairman of the Board and a non-executive director. 
(2) Mr. Willems joined Netflix as the Chief Global Affairs Officer effective April 28, 2025. 
Our Company and 2025 Performance 
Netflix is one of the world’s leading entertainment services offering TV series, films, games and live programming across a wide 
variety of genres and languages. In 2025, we met or exceeded all of our financial objectives. We finished the year with 
approximately $45.2 billion in revenue, compared to $39 billion in revenue in the prior year, representing an increase of 
approximately 16%. Operating margin for 2025 was approximately 29.5%, compared to 26.7% in the prior year. Advertising 
revenue grew more than 2.5x to over $1.5 billion. These achievements informed bonus payouts of approximately 117.57% of the 
total target bonus opportunity for each of our Named Executive Officers, as further discussed under the heading “2025 Annual 
Performance-Based Cash Bonus Program” below. In addition, the Company achieved a relative total shareholder return 
(compared to constituents of the S&P 500) at the 92nd percentile for the two-year performance period applicable to the second 
tranche of performance-based restricted stock unit (“PSU”) awards granted in 2024, leading such tranche to vest at 200% of 
target. 
2025 Leadership Changes 
In April 2025, as part of the natural evolution of our leadership structure and executive planning, Reed Hastings transitioned from 
Executive Chairman to Chairman of the Board and a non-executive director. In connection with his transition, Mr. Hastings 
forfeited all of his then-outstanding 8,610 unvested PSU awards and 7,710 unvested restricted stock unit (“RSU”) awards, which 
had a value of approximately $827,963 and $741,417, respectively, based on the closing price on April 16, 2025. He also 
forfeited the opportunity to earn an annual cash bonus under the 2025 Annual Performance-Based Cash Bonus Program. 
In April 2025, we also appointed Clete Willems to the position of Chief Global Affairs Officer. Mr. Willems’ background in policy 
strategy and international relations will be key in guiding our global efforts and advocating for policies that support our continued 
investment, innovation and growth strategies. The Compensation Committee approved a sign-on compensation package for 
Mr. Willems in consultation with Compensia, the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, and the 
co-CEOs, taking into consideration the strategic importance of his role and our compensation philosophy. Accordingly, the 
Compensation Committee provided appropriate, market-competitive compensation to induce Mr. Willems to join Netflix and set 
his total target compensation at $7 million, as detailed below. The Compensation Committee approved a new hire RSU award, 
which vests quarterly over three years, and a sign-on bonus, payable in two installments, for Mr. Willems to provide take-home 
compensation in the first two years of his employment approximating an annualized $7 million total target compensation, in light 
of the three-year vesting schedule for his annual RSU and PSU awards. Mr. Willems’ total target compensation was sized relative
to compensation paid to similarly situated executives and was structured in recognition of the importance of creating meaningful, 
immediate alignment with our stockholders’ interests through long-term equity incentives. The table below outlines Mr. Willems’
compensation opportunities awarded for fiscal 2025. 
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS | NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 