39 
Compensation Philosophy 
The Compensation Committee has designed our compensation program to achieve the following objectives: 
• Attract and Retain Top Talent: We operate in a highly dynamic industry where the market for talent is extremely competitive. 
We rely on our Named Executive Officers to execute on the Company’s strategies and initiatives for long-term success. To 
attract and retain top talent, we aim to provide highly competitive compensation packages for all our key positions, including 
our Named Executive Officers, and pay employees at their personal top of market. 
• Pay for Performance: The Compensation Committee sought to tie a significant portion of each Named Executive Officer’s 
total target compensation to Company performance, both in the short and long term, to incentivize execution on our strategy. 
• Align with Stockholder Interests: The 2025 compensation structure is intended to promote strong alignment with 
stockholders’ interests by emphasizing performance-based incentives and long-term equity awards with multi-year vesting or 
performance requirements. 
Determining Executive Compensation 
We aim to pay employees at their personal top of market. We believe this helps us attract and retain the most talented employees 
from around the globe. To establish the personal top of market for each of our Named Executive Officers, the Compensation 
Committee (a) reviews and considers the performance of each Named Executive Officer and (b) considers, for each Named 
Executive Officer, the estimated amount of compensation: 
i. we would be willing to pay to retain that person; 
ii. we would have to pay to replace the person; and 
iii. the individual could otherwise command in the employment marketplace. 
Role of the Compensation Committee 
Our compensation practices are evaluated by the Compensation Committee on an ongoing basis to determine whether they are 
appropriate to attract, retain and reward outstanding performers. Such evaluations, along with input from our stockholders, may
result in refinements to the executive compensation program, including changes in how compensation is determined and 
awarded. 
Role of the Compensation Consultant 
In determining executive compensation for 2025, the Compensation Committee retained Compensia to advise on executive and 
director compensation matters. Compensia provided various services to the Compensation Committee during 2025, including 
the review, analysis and update of our compensation peer group; the review and analysis of our Named Executive Officer 
compensation against competitive market data based on the companies in our compensation peer group; the analysis of 
potential and actual executive compensation program changes for 2026; the review and analysis of our non-employee director 
compensation; and support on other ad hoc matters. The Compensation Committee has assessed the independence of 
Compensia taking into account, among other things, the factors set forth in Exchange Act Rule 10C-1 and the Nasdaq listing 
standards, and concluded that no conflict of interest exists with respect to the work that Compensia performs for the 
Compensation Committee. 
Role of Executive Officers 
Each of our co-CEOs, in consultation with our Chief Talent Officer, reviewed market compensation information prepared by 
Compensia for each of the other Named Executive Officers. The co-CEOs then made a recommendation to the Compensation 
Committee regarding compensation for the other Named Executive Officers. The Compensation Committee reviewed and 
discussed this information and the recommendation by the co-CEOs, and then determined the total target compensation and the 
target compensation of each element of compensation for each Named Executive Officer. 
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS | NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 