40 
Our co-CEOs’ compensation was determined by the Compensation Committee outside the presence of the co-CEOs. The 
Compensation Committee’s decision regarding compensation for the co-CEOs was based on the philosophy described above. It 
included a review of comparative data, including the compensation paid by the companies in our compensation peer group to 
their chief executive officers and consideration of the accomplishments of the co-CEOs in developing the business strategy for 
the Company, the Company’s performance against this strategy, and the co-CEOs’ ability to attract and retain senior 
management. Following this review, the Compensation Committee determined the total target compensation and the target 
compensation of each element of compensation. In establishing each co-CEO’s compensation, the Compensation Committee 
was also mindful of the results of the say-on-pay vote for the prior year and input received from stockholders. 
Compensation for any given year is generally established at the end of the prior year. The 2025 compensation for our Named 
Executive Officers was approved at the end of 2024. 
Peer Group and Benchmarking 
The Compensation Committee works with Compensia in determining an appropriate peer group of companies each year. After 
review of the revenue, market capitalization, geographic and industry criteria used to evaluate current and potential peer 
companies, respectively, the Compensation Committee determined that no changes were needed to the peer group for 2025. 
Accordingly, the compensation peer group for 2025 was composed of the following companies: 
2025 Netflix Peer Group 
Adobe, Inc. Paramount Global 
AT&T Inc. PayPal Holdings, Inc. 
Booking Holdings Inc. Salesforce, Inc. 
Charter Communications, Inc. ServiceNow, Inc. 
Comcast Corporation Sirius XM Holdings, Inc. 
Electronic Arts Inc. Tesla, Inc. 
Fox Corporation The Walt Disney Company 
Mastercard Incorporated Verizon Communications Inc. 
Meta Platforms, Inc. Visa Inc. 
Oracle Corporation Warner Bros. Discovery 
With respect to each of our Named Executive Officers, in determining compensation, the Compensation Committee considered 
our compensation philosophy as described above, comparative market data and specific factors relative to each Named 
Executive Officer’s responsibilities and performance. We do not specifically benchmark compensation for our Named Executive 
Officers in terms of picking a particular percentile relative to other individuals with similar titles at peer group companies. The 
Compensation Committee believes that many subjective factors unique to each Named Executive Officer’s responsibilities and 
performance are not adequately reflected or otherwise accounted for in a percentile-based compensation determination. 
2025 Executive Compensation Program 
Elements of the 2025 Executive Compensation Program 
Named Executive Officers’ 2025 compensation consisted primarily of annual base salary, annual performance-based cash 
bonus, and long-term equity award opportunities. Consistent with our compensation philosophy, all Named Executive Officers’ 
target compensation opportunities were significantly at-risk and comprised primarily of long-term and performance elements. 
• Base Salaries: Cash salary provides a steady income and is necessary to attract and retain top talent. 
• Annual Performance-Based Cash Bonus Program (the “Bonus Program”): The Compensation Committee granted all 
Named Executive Officers target bonus opportunities at 200% of base salary for 2025. The Bonus Program aims to align pay 
with performance by awarding cash bonuses only upon the achievement of defined performance targets. For the 2025 Bonus 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 