41 
Program, the Compensation Committee used the following performance metrics: F/X Neutral Revenue and F/X Neutral 
Operating Margin, as they represent key performance indicators that are directly impacted by Named Executive Officers’ 
decision-making. The Compensation Committee set targets at levels it considered to be appropriately rigorous for the year, 
including requiring growth in revenue compared to the prior year. For details on 2025 performance, see “2025 Annual 
Performance-Based Cash Bonus Program.” 
• PSU and RSU Awards: For 2025, we completed the transition of our executive long-term incentive program to PSUs and 
RSUs. Consistent with 2024, the Compensation Committee granted an equal mix of PSU awards (at target performance) and 
RSU awards for 2025, but for 2025, PSUs featured a single three-year performance period. As a reminder, to facilitate the 
transition of our program from stock options to RSUs and PSUs, the PSUs granted in 2024 featured three equal tranches with 
one, two and three-year performance periods, respectively. 
• Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units Are Tied to Relative TSR Performance Metric: The PSU awards (weighted 50% 
of long-term equity awards) are intended to promote pay-for-performance and alignment with stockholder interests. The 
Compensation Committee selected Company TSR relative to the TSR of the companies in the S&P 500 as the performance 
metric for PSUs to incentivize long-term, above market performance over a single three-year performance period and strongly 
align Named Executive Officers’ long-term incentive compensation opportunities with the creation of long-term stockholder 
value. The Compensation Committee believes the S&P 500 is the appropriate index for comparison given our unique position 
across both the technology and entertainment industries. Consistent with this intent, the 2024 and 2025 PSUs require 
outperformance at the 55th percentile of the S&P 500 to earn target payouts. See “Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards and 
Results” for additional details. 
• Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Awards with a Three-Year Vesting Term: The RSU awards (weighted 50% of long-term 
equity awards) are intended to retain, reward and incentivize the Named Executive Officers in the form of long-term 
compensation. The Compensation Committee reviewed equity award grant practice trends and market data and determined 
that RSU awards vesting quarterly over a three-year period continue to be the best incentive structure for our Named 
Executive Officers to reward performance over time and achieve our retention objectives. 
Named Executive Officer Target Compensation for 2025 
In determining total target compensation for our Named Executive Officers for 2025, in consultation with Compensia, the 
Compensation Committee considered our compensation philosophy, including comparative market data. 
For Mr. Sarandos, Mr. Peters and Mr. Hastings, the Compensation Committee considered the competitive market compensation 
paid for comparable roles by other similarly-situated companies and determined to keep their total target compensation flat as 
compared to 2024. 
For Mr. Hyman and Mr. Neumann, the Compensation Committee also considered their growth in their respective roles, the 
increasing complexity of their organizational responsibilities, and alignment with market data, and thereafter determined to 
increase their respective base salaries from $1,500,000 to $2,000,000. 
Actual compensation that an executive may earn may be more or less than total target compensation depending on Company 
performance. If the Company does not meet target performance, an executive may earn less than the target bonus or no bonus at 
all, and if the Company outperforms, an executive may earn more. Similarly, PSU awards will vest only upon the achievement of 
performance targets over the relevant performance period and are forfeited if threshold performance is not achieved. RSU 
awards granted in 2025 vest over a three-year period even though the full grant date fair value of the award is reflected in 2025 
compensation in the Summary Compensation Table. The total target compensation amounts may also be different from the 
amounts reported in the Summary Compensation Table based on actual performance and the accounting valuation of the equity 
awards. 
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS | NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 