46 
Termination-Based Compensation and Change in Control 
Retention Incentives 
Messrs. Sarandos, Peters, Neumann, Hyman and Willems participate in the Executive Officer Severance Plan, as it may be 
amended or restated from time to time. Mr. Hastings also participated in the Executive Officer Severance Plan prior to his 
transition to Chairman of the Board and non-executive director in April 2025 and he did not receive any severance thereunder. 
Under the Executive Officer Severance Plan that was in effect for 2025, if a Named Executive Officer experienced a termination 
of employment from the Company without cause or resigned for good reason, in each case, within 3 months prior to or 24 
months following a change in control (the “change in control protection period”), they were eligible to receive the following, 
payable no later than two and one half months following the later of the date of their termination of employment or a change in
control: (i) a cash lump sum equal to two times the sum of their (a) annual base salary and (b) target annual bonus under the 
Bonus Program; (ii) a pro-rata lump sum cash bonus, based on target performance under the Bonus Program, but pro-rated for 
the number of days that the participant was employed during the performance period; and (iii) a cash lump sum for twenty-four 
months of continued health, dental and vision benefits for the participant and their covered dependents. Alternatively, if a 
participant had their employment terminated without cause outside of the change in control protection period, they would have 
been entitled to receive (i) a lump sum cash payment equal to the sum of their (a) annual base salary, (b) target annual bonus 
under the Bonus Program and (c) target annual equity award opportunity for RSUs and PSUs (at target) payable no later than two 
and one half months following their termination of employment and (ii) a pro-rata bonus under the Bonus Program (“Pro Rata 
Bonus”), based on actual performance as determined at the end of the performance period and paid at the time when bonuses 
are paid to actively employed executives, but pro-rated for the number of days that the participant was employed during the 
performance period. 
PSUs and RSUs held by Named Executive Officers also contain certain acceleration provisions (with the terms “cause”, “change 
in control protection period”, “disability” and “good reason” defined in the applicable award agreement). 
As described under the heading “Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control—Amended and Restated Executive 
Officer Severance Plan”, the Executive Officer Severance Plan was amended effective January 1, 2026, as were the Named 
Executive Officers’ outstanding RSU and PSU awards, which contain termination protections. Such discussion under the 
“Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control” section is incorporated by reference herein. 
For purposes of the Executive Officer Severance Plan, each of the terms “change in control”, “cause” and “good reason” are 
defined in the Executive Officer Severance Plan, as it may be amended from time to time. Please see Exhibit 10.3 to the 
Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2023 and Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2025 for 
copies of the Executive Officer Severance Plan that was in effect for 2025 and the Executive Officer Severance Plan that was 
amended effective January 1, 2026, respectively. 
The Bonus Program’s plan document provides for a prorated bonus in the event of an involuntary termination (other than for 
cause) based on the number of calendar days a participant was actively employed during a given performance period. Each of 
the terms “cause,” “participant” and “performance period” are defined in the Bonus Program’s plan document, a copy of which is 
attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2022. However, the Executive Officer Severance Plan 
provides that such prorated bonus will not apply to the extent it is duplicative with any pro-rata bonus provided under the 
Executive Officer Severance Plan. 
We believe that our severance benefits offered to Named Executive Officers are consistent with similar benefits offered to 
similarly-situated executive officers of similarly situated companies and moreover, that they are an important mechanism for 
attracting and retaining outstanding performers. 
Tax Considerations 
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code (“Section 162(m)”) was among the provisions that were amended pursuant to the 
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”), which was signed into law on December 22, 2017. The prior version of Section 162(m) 
generally disallowed a tax deduction for compensation that we paid to our Chief Executive Officer or any of the next three most
highly compensated executive officers (excluding the Chief Financial Officer) to the extent that the compensation for any such 
individual exceeded $1 million in any taxable year. However, this deduction limitation did not apply to compensation that was 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 