47 
“performance-based” under Section 162(m). The Tax Act amended Section 162(m) to eliminate the exception for 
performance-based compensation. As a result, effective for our 2018 fiscal year and thereafter, the maximum U.S. federal 
income tax deduction that we may receive for annual compensation paid to any individual who is a “covered employee” under 
Section 162(m) is $1 million per covered employee. 
The Tax Act also expanded the list of individuals who are “covered employees” under Section 162(m), which now includes the 
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, the three most highly compensated executive officers and any former covered 
employee for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016. For tax years beginning on and after December 31, 2026, 
the list of “covered employees” will be further expanded to include five additional highly compensated employees. 
We continued to grant equity awards in 2025, although the compensation income recognized upon settlement of such grants by 
covered employees under Section 162(m) will not be deductible by us to the extent the total compensation for each covered 
employee exceeds $1 million in the applicable year. Additionally, cash payments made under the Bonus Program to covered 
employees will not be deductible by us to the extent that the total compensation for each covered employee exceeds $1 million 
in the applicable year. 
The Compensation Committee considers the tax impact of the Company’s executive compensation program. However, to 
maintain the flexibility to provide compensation programs for our Named Executive Officers that will best incentivize them to 
achieve our key business objectives, the Compensation Committee reserves the right to pay compensation that is not tax 
deductible. 
Prohibition on Hedging 
Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits our section 16 officers and directors from engaging in any transactions involving any 
hedging or derivatives of Company equity securities, including trading in futures and derivative securities and engaging in 
hedging activities relating to our securities (including forward sales contracts, equity swaps, collars, puts, calls, exchange traded 
options and exchange funds), or otherwise engaging in transactions that are designed to hedge or offset decreases in the market
value of our equity securities, provided that it does not limit director and officer participation in our stock option program, to the 
extent they are otherwise eligible to participate. This prohibition applies only to transactions initiated on or after March 4, 2020 
and applies to Company equity securities that are (i) granted to the section 16 officer or director by the Company as part of their 
compensation or (ii) held, directly or indirectly, by the section 16 officer or the director. 
Clawback of Performance-Based Awards 
The Netflix, Inc. 2020 Stock Plan allows us to recover certain performance-based equity awards or amounts paid in respect of 
such awards in the event of certain acts of misconduct by award recipients. Such misconduct generally relates to contributing to 
or failing to take reasonable steps to prevent an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with financial reporting
requirements. Further the Bonus Program’s plan document provides that awards may be subject to recoupment policies of the 
Company, as applicable. 
The Company has also adopted a compensation clawback policy to comply with Exchange Act Rule 10D-1 and the Nasdaq 
listing standards regarding recovery of erroneously awarded compensation in the event of an accounting restatement. 
Stock Ownership Guidelines 
We maintain stock ownership guidelines applicable to our Executive Officers. The guidelines require that, within five years of 
adoption or, for future executive officers, within five years of first becoming a Netflix Rule 3b-7 executive officer, each executive 
officer own at least a number of shares equal to a multiple of the executive officer’s base salary: 6x base salary for the co-CEOs 
and 3x base salary for the other executive officers. 
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS | NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 