48 
Equity Grant Practices 
We generally grant equity awards to employees, including our Named Executive Officers, on a pre-established schedule and do 
not grant any form of equity compensation in anticipation of the release of material, non-public information. Similarly, we do not 
time the release of material, non-public information based on equity award grant dates. 
Historically, a core component of our executive compensation program consisted of monthly stock option grants to our Named 
Executive Officers on a formulaic basis based on a stock option allocation amount that the Compensation Committee approved 
during the December of the prior calendar year. For example, the Compensation Committee approved the stock option allocation 
amount for each Named Executive Officer’s 2023 compensation in December 2022, with stock options for the 2023 
compensation year granted beginning in February 2023 through January 2024. We granted stock options on the first trading day 
of each such month, with the number of options granted based on (a) the closing stock price on that trading day and (b) the stock 
option allocation amount approved in December 2022. Please see the discussion about stock options under the heading 
“Elements of the Prior Executive Compensation Program” in our proxy statement filed on April 18, 2024 for additional details 
about the formula we used to grant options. 
In 2024, we transitioned from the stock option allocation program to granting RSUs and PSUs to our Named Executive Officers. 
Our Compensation Committee approved the 2025 target dollar value of the RSU and PSU grants to our Named Executive 
Officers in December 2024 and specified that the grant date for such awards be the second business day following the January 
2025 earnings release. In December 2024, the Compensation Committee also approved the formula for converting the target 
dollar value of the RSU and PSU grants into a number of RSUs and PSUs. 
During 2025, we did not grant options to our Named Executive Officers, except to Mr. Hastings for his non-employee director 
service. 
As described under “Proposal 1: Our Board of Directors—Election of Directors—How We are Paid,” the Director Equity 
Compensation Plan provides for a monthly grant of stock options to non-employee directors of the Company. Stock option 
awards are granted on the first trading day of each month. Set forth below are the option awards granted to Mr. Hastings, in his 
capacity as Chairman and non-executive director of the Board, in the period beginning four business days before the filing of a
periodic report on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K, or the filing or furnishing of a current report on Form 8-K disclosing material 
nonpublic information and ending one business day after the filing or furnishing of such report with the SEC. 
Name Grant date
Number of securities 
underlying the 
award
Exercise price of the 
award
($/Sh)
Grant date fair value 
of the award
($)(1)
Percentage change 
in the closing 
market price of the 
securities 
underlying the 
award between the 
trading day ending 
immediately prior to 
the disclosure of 
material nonpublic 
information and the 
trading day 
immediately 
following the 
disclosure of 
material nonpublic 
information (%)
REED HASTINGS 11/03/2025 570 110.01 33,981 -0.15% 
REED HASTINGS 12/01/2025 576 109.13 34,064 -6.23% 
(1) Dollar amounts in the “Grant date fair value of the award” column reflect the grant date fair value with respect to stock options computed in accordance with 
FASB ASC Topic 718. The grant date fair value for stock options is calculated using a lattice-binomial model and incorporates assumptions such as expected 
volatility, risk-free interest rate, suboptimal exercise factor, and dividend yield. 
Compensation Risk 
Given the design of our compensation structure for our Named Executive Officers, as detailed in the foregoing Compensation 
Discussion and Analysis, and the compensation structure for other employees, which for other employees generally consists of 
salary and stock options, we do not believe that our compensation plans, policies and practices are reasonably likely to have a
material adverse effect on the Company. 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 