71 
Proposal 4 
In accordance with SEC rules, we have set forth below a stockholder proposal, along with the supporting statement of the 
stockholder proponent, for which we and our Board accept no responsibility. The stockholder proposal is required to be voted 
upon at our Annual Meeting only if properly presented at our Annual Meeting. As explained below, our Board unanimously 
recommends that you vote “AGAINST” the stockholder proposal. 
John Chevedden, 2215 Nelson Ave, No. 205, Redondo Beach, CA 90278, the beneficial owner of 4,900 shares of the 
Company’s common stock for more than three years on the date the proposal was submitted, has notified the Company of his 
intent to present the following proposal at the Annual Meeting. 
Proposal 4—Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent
FOR
Shareholder
Rights
Shareholders request that the board of directors take the necessary steps to permit written consent by the shareholders entitled 
to cast the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize an action at a meeting at which all shareholders 
entitled to vote thereon were present and voting (without any unnecessary restriction based on length of stock ownership or the
method by which shareholders hold their shares). 
This includes shareholder ability to initiate any appropriate topic for written consent. This includes that any associated request 
for a record date shall have the lowest allowable percent of shares. This includes that written consent not include a solicitation 
clause mandating a certain percent of shares be solicited unless legally required. 
Shareholders acting by written consent and calling for a special shareholder meeting are 2 means that shareholders of a 
company can use to put forth a proposal on a timely basis without waiting for the annual shareholder meeting. 
This proposal topic won 52% support at the 2018 Netflix (NFLX) annual meeting. The 2018 shareholder proposal for a 
shareholder right to call for a special shareholder meeting also received more than 50% support at the same 2018 meeting and 
was adopted by NFLX. But this proposal topic has yet to be adopted. 
A shareholder right to act by written consent could incentivize NFLX directors to be more vigilant and more alert to face future 
opportunities and headwinds. 
Please vote yes: 
Shareholder Right to Act by Written Consent—Proposal 4
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS | NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 