87 
Information Concerning 
Solicitation and Voting 
General 
The attached proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Netflix, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
“Company,” “Netflix,” “we,” “us” or “our”), for use at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held on June 4, 2026, at 3:00 p.m. 
Pacific Time (6:00 p.m. Eastern Time) (the “Annual Meeting”), or at any adjournment or postponement of this meeting, for the 
purposes set forth in this Proxy Statement and in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and form of proxy. 
This year’s Annual Meeting will be held entirely via the internet and will be conducted by our Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. 
Stockholders may participate in the Annual Meeting by visiting the following website: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/
NFLX2026. To participate in the Annual Meeting, you will need the 16-Digit Control Number included on your Notice, on your 
proxy card or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials. We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting 
webcast prior to the start time. Online check-in will begin at 2:45 p.m. Pacific Time (5:45 p.m. Eastern Time), and you should 
allow ample time for the check-in procedures. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting during the check-in 
or meeting time, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the virtual stockholder meeting log in page. 
Hosting the Annual Meeting via the internet provides expanded access, reduced environmental impact and cost savings for our 
stockholders and the Company. Hosting a virtual meeting enables increased stockholder attendance and participation. In 
addition, we intend for the virtual meeting format to provide stockholders a similar level of transparency to the traditional in 
person meeting format. Questions at our Annual Meeting will be limited to those for our auditors, if any. 
Pursuant to rules promulgated by the SEC, we have elected to provide access to our proxy materials over the internet. 
Accordingly, we will mail, on or about April 16, 2026, a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to stockholders of record 
and beneficial owners as of the close of business on April 6, 2026, referred to as the Record Date. On the date of mailing of the 
Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, all stockholders will have the ability to access all of the proxy materials at 
ir.netflix.net/annual-reports-and-proxies. Should you request it, we will make paper copies of these proxy materials available free 
of charge. To request a copy, please send your request to our Secretary at the address listed below. 
Our principal executive offices are located at 121 Albright Way, Los Gatos, CA, 95032, and our telephone number is (408) 
540-3700. Our internet website address is www.netflix.com. You may find our SEC filings, including our annual reports on 
Form 10-K, on our Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.net/secfilings. 
Revocability of Proxies 
You may change your vote at any time prior to the vote at the Annual Meeting. If you are a stockholder of record as of the Record 
Date, you may change your vote by granting a new proxy bearing a later date (which automatically revokes the earlier proxy), by
providing a written notice of revocation to our Secretary at the address above prior to your shares being voted, or by attending 
the Annual Meeting and voting via the internet. Attendance at the Annual Meeting will not cause your previously granted proxy to 
be revoked unless you specifically make that request. For shares you hold beneficially in the name of a broker, trustee or other 
nominee, you may change your vote by submitting new voting instructions to your broker, trustee or nominee, or, if you have 
obtained a legal proxy from your broker or nominee giving you the right to vote your shares, by attending the Annual Meeting and 
voting via the internet. 
INFORMATION CONCERNING SOLICITATION AND VOTING | NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT 