88 
Voting and Solicitation 
Only stockholders of record at the close of business on the Record Date will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual
Meeting. At the close of business on the Record Date, there were 4,210,798,528 shares of common stock outstanding and 
entitled to vote. Each holder of record of shares of common stock on that date will be entitled to one vote for each share held on 
all matters to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting. 
You may vote via the internet by going to www.proxyvote.com and following the instructions on the screen. As explained in 
greater detail in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, to vote your shares, you may vote via the internet by visiting 
www.proxyvote.com and having available your 16-Digit Control Number(s) contained on your Notice of Internet Availability of 
Proxy Materials. If you received your proxy materials by mail, you may vote by completing the enclosed proxy card, dating and 
signing it and returning it in the postage-paid envelope provided, or you may vote by phone by following the instructions on your 
proxy card. You may vote via the internet or by phone up until 8:59 p.m. Pacific Time (11:59 p.m. Eastern Time) on June 3, 2026. 
If you vote by mail, your proxy card must be received by June 3, 2026. If you are a stockholder of record on the Record Date, you 
can participate in the Annual Meeting online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/NFLX2026 and vote your shares during the 
Annual Meeting. 
Properly delivered proxies will be voted at the Annual Meeting in accordance with the specifications made. Where no 
specifications are given, such proxies will be voted “FOR” all nominees, “FOR” Proposals Two through Three and “AGAINST” 
Proposals Four through Seven. It is not expected that any matters other than those referred to in this Proxy Statement will be 
brought before the Annual Meeting. If, however, any matter not described in this Proxy Statement is properly presented for 
action at the Annual Meeting, the persons named as proxies in the enclosed form of proxy will have authority to vote according to 
their own discretion. 
Quorum 
The required quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting is the presence via the internet or by proxy of holders 
of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting as of the Record Date. Shares that
are voted “FOR,” “AGAINST,” or “ABSTAIN,” are treated as being present at the Annual Meeting for purposes of establishing a 
quorum, as are “broker non-votes,” which occurs when a nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner does not vote on a 
particular proposal because the nominee does not have discretionary voting power with respect to that proposal and has not 
received instructions with respect to that proposal from the beneficial owner. 
Required Vote, Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 
For the election of directors (Proposal One of this Proxy Statement), approval requires a “majority of votes cast,” which means
that the number of shares voted “for” a director’s election exceeds fifty percent (50%) of the total number of votes cast with 
respect to that director’s election. Votes cast for Proposal One include direction to withhold authority in each case and exclude 
abstentions with respect to that director’s election. For Proposals Two, Three, and the stockholder proposals, approval requires 
the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. 
NETFLIX 2026 PROXY STATEMENT | INFORMATION CONCERNING SOLICITATION AND VOTING 