Table of Contents
NETFLIX, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited)
1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
The accompanying interim consolidated financial statements of Netflix, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the “Company”) have been prepared in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S.”) and are consistent in all material respects with those applied in the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on January
23, 2026. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires
management to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant
items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization of content assets and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and
liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the
circumstances. On a regular basis, the Company evaluates the assumptions, judgments and estimates. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The interim financial information is unaudited, but reflects all normal recurring adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly
present the information set forth herein. The interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements and related notes included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Interim results are not necessarily
indicative of the results for a full year.
Stock Split
On November 14, 2025, the Company completed a ten-for-one forward stock split of the Company’s issued common stock (the “Stock Split”). Each
shareholder as of the record date of November 10, 2025 received nine additional shares of common stock for every share held. References made to share or per
share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split.
Significant Accounting Policies
The following is provided to update the Company’s significant accounting policies previously described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2025.
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
The Company uses derivative and non-derivative instruments to manage foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk related to its ongoing business
operations.
Interest Rate Risk
Fair value hedges
The Company enters into interest rate swap agreements to manage its exposure to changes in the fair value of its fixed-rate debt attributable to changes in
the benchmark interest rate. These hedges may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of interest rate movements, and the Company may choose not to
hedge the full amount of its exposure. The Company designates these agreements as fair value hedges of specifically identified tranches of its fixed-rate debt.
Changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap instruments are recognized in “Interest expense” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, net with the
offsetting changes in the fair value of the designated hedged debt attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate. Net periodic settlements between the
Company and its swap counterparties are recognized as adjustments to “Interest expense” in the period in which they accrue. Cash flows from hedging
activities are classified within “Net cash provided by operating activities” on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, consistent with the classification of
interest payments on the hedged debt.
See Note 8 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the
Company’s derivative and non-derivative financial instruments.
Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2024-03, Income Statement￾Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, requiring public
entities to disclose additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to the financial statements on an interim and annual basis. ASU 2024-
03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2024-03.
8