Table of Contents
Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We are exposed to market risks related to interest rate changes, which affect the market values of our investments and debt, as well as foreign currency
fluctuations.
Interest Rate Risk
As of June 30, 2026, our cash equivalents were generally invested in money market funds and time deposits. Interest earned on such funds fluctuates with
the prevailing interest rate.
As of June 30, 2026, we had $14.4 billion of debt, consisting of fixed rate unsecured debt in twelve tranches due between 2026 and 2054. Refer to Note 7
Debt to the consolidated financial statements for details about all issuances. The fair value of our debt will fluctuate with movements of interest rates,
increasing in periods of declining rates of interest and declining in periods of increasing rates of interest. The fair value of our debt will also fluctuate based on
changes in foreign currency rates, as discussed below.
As of June 30, 2026, we have entered into interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate notional amount of $1,400 million, which we designated as
fair value hedges of specifically identified tranches of our fixed-rate Senior Notes. Under these agreements, we pay a floating rate based on the Secured
Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and receive a fixed rate equal to the contractual coupon of the designated hedged debt, effectively converting
$1,400 million of fixed-rate debt to floating-rate debt. Refer to Note 8, Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities, for further information. As a
result of these hedging activities, we are exposed to variability in interest expense from changes in SOFR on the hedged notional amount. A 1% increase in
SOFR as of June 30, 2026, would increase our annual interest expense by approximately $14 million. For our remaining fixed-rate debt not subject to an
interest rate swap, interest expense is contractually fixed and will not be affected by changes in market interest rates; however, the fair value of that debt will
continue to fluctuate with changes in market interest rates as noted above.
Foreign Currency Risk
We operate our business globally and transact in multiple currencies. Currencies denominated in other than the U.S. dollar accounted for 57% of revenue
and 30% of operating expenses for the six months ended June 30, 2026. We therefore have foreign currency risk related to these currencies, which are primarily
the Euro, British pound, Brazilian real, Mexican peso, Canadian dollar, and Argentine peso.
Accordingly, volatility in exchange rates and, in particular, a weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may negatively affect our revenue
and operating income as expressed in U.S. dollars. Our revenues, on a constant currency basis, would have been approximately $535 million lower for the six
months ended June 30, 2026 than our reported revenues of $24,810 million. See Part I, Item 2, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” for further information regarding our non-GAAP financial measure of constant currency.
We enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate fluctuations in forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent revenues from changes in foreign currency
exchange rates. These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to
hedge certain exposures. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges of forecasted foreign currency revenue and initially record the gains or losses on
these derivative instruments as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) and reclassify the amounts into “Revenues” on the
Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10% as of June 30, 2026
and December 31, 2025, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange contracts, before taxes, would have been approximately $2,490 million
and $2,296 million lower, respectively. This adverse change in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding favorable foreign currency change in the
underlying forecasted revenues when recognized in earnings.
We enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate fluctuations in forecasted and firmly committed U.S. dollar-equivalent transactions related
to the licensing and production of content assets from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate,
the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges and
initially record the gains or losses on these derivative instruments as a component of AOCI and reclassify the amounts into “Cost of Revenues” to offset the
hedged exposures as they affect earnings, which occurs as the underlying hedged content assets are amortized. If the U.S. dollar strengthened by 10% as of
June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange contracts, before taxes, would have been approximately
$311 million and $237 million lower, respectively. This adverse change in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding favorable foreign currency
change in the underlying exposures when recognized in earnings.
We use non-derivative instruments to mitigate foreign exchange risk related to our net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries. These non-derivative
instruments may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures.
We designate a portion of our foreign currency-denominated Senior Notes in Euros as net investment hedges and the gains or losses on these non-derivative
instruments are reported as a component of AOCI and remain in AOCI until the hedged net investment is sold or liquidated, at which point the amounts
recognized in AOCI are reclassified into earnings.
We have also experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of gains (losses) on the settlement and the
remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies that are not the functional currency. We enter into foreign
37