Table of Contents
exchange forward contracts to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on intercompany transactions and monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in
the functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries. These contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency
exchange fluctuations, and we may choose not to hedge certain exposures. Certain contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and the gains or losses
on these derivative instruments are recorded in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We also designate certain
contracts as fair value hedges to mitigate the foreign exchange risk on the remeasurement of our foreign-currency denominated debt. The gains or losses on
these derivative instruments included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recorded in “Interest and other income (expense),” net with the offsetting
foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses on the hedged items. If an adverse change in exchange rates of 10% was applied to our monetary assets and
liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies as of June 30, 2026 and December 31, 2025, income before income taxes would have
been approximately $55 million and $1 million lower, respectively, after considering the offsetting impact of the foreign currency exchange contracts and our
net investment hedges.
Item 4. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of
the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our co￾Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Our management, including our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or
our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2026, that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
The information set forth under Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements under the caption “Legal
Proceedings” is incorporated herein by reference.
38