We built on that momentum in Q2 with Swapped* (137M views ) which is loved by our members and on
2
its way to becoming our second most viewed original animated film ever.
3
In addition to a high-quality slate, we also need a wide variety of programming because we serve a
massive audience (approaching 1B people) with broad and diverse tastes, moods and needs. Different
types of content impact our business differently – some drive more acquisition, some primarily aid
retention, and some make the service feel indispensable. For example, in 2026, we expect live
programming to account for just over 5% of our content spend but only ~1% of view hours. Yet, live
event programming accounted for six of the top 10 new member sign-up days over the last five years
(and we've only been doing live events since 2023).
Quantity of engagement is also important and, as detailed in our bi-annual What We Watched report, in
the first half of 2026, our members watched more than 97 billion hours, up 2% year over year. This was
slightly faster than the 1.5% growth in 2025, despite the competitive impact of the Winter Olympics and
the World Cup this year. Non-English content again drove more than a third of all viewing this half, with
standout titles from Korea, Japan, Spain, and India.
Our Q2 slate delivered a host of titles that our members loved and were broadly viewed, including
Harlan Coben’s I Will Find You* (87M views) - our biggest new original series debut in 2026 so far,
Legends* from the UK (20M views), K-drama Teach You a Lesson* (55M views) - which is on track to
become our second-most viewed Korean show globally
4
, Berlin and The Lady with an Ermine* (28M
views) from Spain, The Polygamist* (24M views) from South Africa, Flunked* (11M views) from France,
and Rosario Tijeras S5* (6M views) from Mexico. We also continued to strengthen our film slate,
delivering hits across multiple genres, like action with Apex* (131M views) starring Charlize Theron,
rom-coms with Office Romance* (63M views) featuring Jennifer Lopez and Voicemails for Isabelle* (71M
views), drama with the Emmy nominated feature, Remarkably Bright Creatures* (53M views) starring
Sally Field, and documentaries with Maternal Instinct* (54M views) and The Crash* (67M views).
Beyond series and films, we continually evolve and expand our entertainment offering to better meet
the needs of members and strengthen our engagement.
● For instance, approximately half of our viewing occurs in the evening, but our recently launched
video podcasts over-index on viewing during the day and on mobile devices, an indicator that
this engagement is incremental. We recently added Jay Shetty’s On Purpose and Allegedly, as
well as announced podcasts featuring Kate Hudson and Oliver Hudson, Lele Pons and Martha
Stewart through our partnership with iHeartMedia.
● We have a history of working with the most talented storytellers from around the world and,
increasingly, that includes top creators from open content platforms. We’ve had success with
creators including Danny Go!, Ms. Rachel, Mark Rober, and Salish & Jordan Matter, and recently
announced collaborations with the Stokes Twins, Alan Chikin Chow, Nick DiGiovanni, and
Mythical. Ms. Rachel has spent 27 weeks in the Global Top 10 since debuting on Netflix last year
4 Based on expected 91 day views (behind Squid Game).
3 Based on expected 91 day views.
2 A view is defined as hours viewed divided by runtime for each title. Views for a title are based on the first 91 days since the
release of each episode (less than 91 days denoted with an asterisk and data is from launch date through July 12, 2026). We
publish our top titles based on views each week at Netflix Top 10.
3