and, more recently, Salish & Jordan Matter and Danny Go! have spent eight and seven weeks,
respectively, in the Global Top 10 since coming to Netflix in April. We also announced
partnerships with leading publishers including Condé Nast, Hearst, and People, to bring their
lifestyle content to members in the US and several other countries beginning in August.
● To deepen our local programming in France, last month we launched a partnership with leading
local French broadcaster TF1. Netflix members in France are now able to experience TF1
programming as part of their subscription at no additional cost. This fully integrated experience
includes TF1’s linear channels as well as TF1+’s on-demand content, including a wide array of
scripted, unscripted and major live sports programming. While still early, we’re pleased with the
initial performance. Our French members are discovering and engaging with this content (with
view hours of TF1 content growing each week), a TF1 title, Secret Story has already reached our
Top 10 list in France, and we’re gratified to see our partner is also seeing strong early results.
● Our cloud-based TV games are gaining traction. In June, we had our two most successful cloud
game debuts, with the releases of FIFA World Cup: Launch Edition and Unhinged. And Netflix
Playground, our app for kids games, has experienced 3x growth in daily players since its launch in
April, and has fueled growth in our kids mobile games engagement, which is up 600% year over
year . While off a small base, these early signals give us increasing confidence that we are
5
building a foundation with exciting future growth potential.
Overall, our engagement remains healthy and as with all things we do, we’re working hard to improve
every day. We have an exciting Q3 slate including new films like 72 HOURS with Kevin Hart, The Last
House with Greta Lee & Wagner Moura, The Whisper Man with Robert DeNiro, and Call My Agent! from
France, and series such as The Hawk with Will Ferrell, the fifth and final season of Outer Banks, Little
House on the Prairie, the fourth installment of Ryan Murphy’s anthology series, Monster: The Lizzie
Borden Story, The Gentlemen S2 from the UK, The East Palace from Korea, The Doll from Poland, and
Lovesick from Mexico. We’ll continue to build out our live programming – we have two Major League
Baseball events (Home Run Derby and Field of Dreams game) in Q3, as well as the Tyson Fury vs. Anthony
Joshua fight later this year. We also recently announced an expanded agreement with the NFL, securing
a premium slate of games that includes a week-one matchup in Q3, as well as a Thanksgiving Eve game
and NFL Christmas Gameday in Q4, and a final week contest in Q1 of next year.
Second, leveraging technology to improve every aspect of our service and our business.
To support our growing content offering, we continue to evolve our product to create more personalized,
immersive, and interactive experiences for our members. We are leveraging LLMs to improve title
discovery and to better understand member preferences. We’re also enhancing search for our members
with new voice search functionality and AI-powered natural language search.
Across the production lifecycle, from concept and pre-visualization through post and delivery, GenAI
utilization by our creative partners is scaling quickly. In 2026, GenAI workflows have been used in roughly
300 of our titles, with the largest concentration of work in post-production. We are increasingly
leveraging these tools to deliver higher quality output more quickly and at a lower cost than traditional
methods. In some cases, productions would have had to leave out key shots and sequences in the
absence of GenAI technology. For example, Glory (India), Brasil 70: A Saga do Tri (Brazil), and The
5 Game play hours are not included in our What We Watched report.
4