American Experiment (US) utilized GenAI tools to create highly complex sequences (e.g., enhanced
crowds, historical battle sequences, and worldbuilding establishing shots).
In our ads business, we continue to invest in developing a premium ad experience which delivers highly
engaged and attentive audiences to advertisers. In Q2, we expanded our AI-powered tools across the full
advertising lifecycle, from planning and creative production to campaign management, optimization, and
reporting. We're also automating more of the workflow around how advertisers transact with us by
extending programmatic access to Pause Ads and live inventory this summer. This reduces the manual
effort that has historically limited access for smaller buyers, opening Netflix to a broader range of
advertisers over time. These investments enhance the value of our existing inventory and lay the
groundwork for the next phase of growth in our ads business.
Third, improving monetization.
Building out our ads business continues to be a top priority and we remain on track to deliver
approximately $3 billion in ads revenue in 2026. Our US upfront negotiations are in advanced stages, and
we expect commitments to close in the next few weeks. We are seeing strong interest in our Live events
lineup — Women's World Cup, an expanded NFL slate, WWE, MLB events and more — alongside
continued demand for our unparalleled breadth of entertainment titles. The growth in our ads business
is being fueled by the strength and variety of our slate combined with our investments in AI powered
tools and workflows, the Netflix Ads Suite and broader programmatic capabilities.
We offer a wide range of plans and feature sets at accessible price points to provide the best value for
members. As we expand and improve our entertainment offering, we occasionally adjust prices so that
we can reinvest in our service. Our first half price changes, in markets like the US, Mexico and Spain,
have gone well with the impact consistent with prior price changes and our expectations.
We are constantly testing, assessing, and improving the membership lifecycle. Over the years,
investments in our product capabilities (e.g. TV and mobile UI) have given us greater flexibility to
evaluate the best ways to attract and retain members in different markets. We’ve tested a variety of
methods, including a low cost first month in Japan to coincide with the WBC, and an “upgrade on us”
offer in various countries around the world. As part of this test and learn strategy, last week we began
re-testing free trials for non-rejoining new members in a number of markets around the world (excluding
the US and UK).
Evolving Our View Hours Disclosure
Engagement is important to our business. But as discussed above, engagement is not just the quantity of
view hours, but also refers to the quality and variety of our offering. To make this clearer, we’re making a
change to our view hours disclosure.
After today’s What We Watched report, which covers the first half of 2026, we will shift to publishing this
report annually in the first quarter, beginning in 2027. The goal of separating the publication of the
report from our earnings results is to keep the focus on our primary financial metrics – revenue and
operating profit. With this change, we will still report industry-leading title-by-title and total view hours
data (including our weekly Top 10 lists for movies and series in more than 90 countries).
5