Cash Flow and Capital Structure
Net cash generated from operating activities was $1.7B vs $2.4B in the prior year period. Free cash flow
(FCF) in Q2’26 totaled $1.5B vs. $2.3B in Q2’25. This included higher cash tax payments due in part to
6
the Warner Bros. termination fee. For the full year, we continue to expect FCF of approximately $12.5B,
and an annual cash content spend to amortization ratio of ~1.1x.
Our capital allocation approach is unchanged. We prioritize reinvestment in the business, both
organically and through selective M&A, while maintaining a healthy balance sheet and ample liquidity,
and then returning excess cash to shareholders via share repurchases. In April, our Board of Directors
authorized the repurchase of an additional $25B of our stock on top of the $6.8B of capacity we had
remaining as of the end of Q1. In Q2, we bought back $4.7B of stock, our largest quarter of share
repurchases, and we currently have $27.1B of capacity left in our remaining authorizations. We ended
the quarter with gross debt of $14.4B and cash and cash equivalents of $9.1B. We have $1B of debt
maturing later this year, which we plan to refinance.
Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
We recently published our 2025 Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) report. Key updates for
2025 include how we continue to decarbonize our operations, including the productions of our films,
series and games; invest in our people and the next generation of talent around the world, while
contributing to local economies; and maintain our corporate governance structure to support healthy
growth and create long-term shareholder value.
During Q2, we launched The Netflix Effect — a comprehensive look at the impact our films and series
have had on economies, industries and culture over the last decade. Netflix is deeply embedded and
invested in the creative industries around the world, producing TV series and films in more than 50
countries, and contributing more than $325 billion in gross value to the global economy.
Reference
For quick reference, our past investor letters can be found here.
6 Defined as cash provided by (used in) operating activities less purchases of property and equipment.
6