Table of Contents
PART I
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: our core strategy; our ability to improve our content of erings and service; our future financial
performance, including expectations regarding revenues, deferred revenue, operating income and margin, net income, expenses, and profitability; liquidity,
including the suf iciency of our capital resources, cash requirements; net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, access to financing sources, and free
cash flows; capital allocation strategies, including any stock repurchases or repurchase programs; stock price volatility; impact of foreign exchange rate
fluctuations; expectations regarding hedging activity; impact of interest rate fluctuations; adequacy of existing facilities; future regulatory changes and their
impact on our business; intellectual property; cybersecurity; price changes and testing; artificial intelligence (“AI”); accounting treatment for changes related
to content assets; acquisitions; actions by competitors; membership growth, including impact of content and pricing changes on membership growth;
partnerships; advertising; multi-household usage; member viewing patterns; dividends; future contractual obligations, including unknown content obligations
and timing of payments; our global content and marketing investments, including investments in original programming, consumer products and live
experiences; impact of work stoppages; content amortization; resolutions of tax examinations; tax expense; unrecognized tax benefits; deferred tax assets; tax
deposits; resolutions of disputes and other proceedings; our ability to ef ectively manage change and growth; our company culture; expectations regarding the
transaction with Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. ("WBD"); and our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel. These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to dif er. A detailed discussion of these and other risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to dif er materially from such forward-looking statements is included throughout this filing and
particularly in Item 1A: “Risk Factors” section set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements included in this document are
based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to revise or publicly release any revision to any such forward-looking
statement, except as may otherwise be required by law.
Item 1. Business
ABOUT US
Netflix, Inc. (“Netflix”, the “Company”, “registrant”, “we”, or “us”) is one of the world’s leading entertainment services offering TV series, films, games
and live programming across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere,
and can change their plans at any time.
Our core strategy is to grow our business globally within the parameters of our operating margin target. We strive to continuously improve our members'
experience by offering compelling content that delights them and attracts new members. We aim to offer a range of pricing plans, including our ad-supported
subscription plan, to meet a variety of consumer needs. We seek to drive conversation around our content to further enhance member joy, and we are
continuously enhancing our user interface to help our members more easily choose content that they will find enjoyable.
BUSINESS SEGMENTS
We operate as one operating segment. Our revenues are primarily derived from monthly membership fees for services related to streaming content to our
members. See Note 13, Segment and Geographic Information, in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail.
COMPETITION
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete with a broad set of activities for consumers’ leisure
time, including other entertainment video providers, such as linear television, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content),
video gaming providers, open content platform providers, which provide access to user-generated and professionally produced content, as well as more broadly
against other sources of entertainment, such as social media, that our members could choose in their moments of free time. We also compete against
entertainment video providers and content producers in obtaining content for our service, both for licensed content and for original content projects.
While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of
free time. We have often referred to this choice as our objective of “winning moments of truth.” In attempting to win these moments of truth with our members,
we seek to continually improve our service, including both our technology and our content offerings.
1