Table of Contents
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual
property as important to our success. We use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality agreements to protect our
proprietary intellectual property. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes, the content we produce and distribute through
our service, and the consumer products and experiences based thereon. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content,
merchandising our products and marketing our service. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers
and other rights holders licensing rights, including distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of
music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such licenses vary. Our ability to protect and enforce our
intellectual property rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property.
We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any intellectual property disputes.
REGULATION
The media landscape and the internet delivery of content have seen growing regulatory action. Historically, media has been highly regulated in many
countries. We are seeing some of these legacy regulatory frameworks be updated and expanded to address services like ours. In particular, we are seeing some
countries update their cultural support legislation to include services like Netflix. This includes investment obligations, levies, and content catalog quotas.
Some even restrict the extent of ownership rights we can have both in our service and in our content. In certain countries, regulators are also looking at
restrictions that could require formal reviews of and/or adjustments to content that appears on our service in their country. In general these regulations impact
all services and may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive as to the content offerings we may provide.
HUMAN CAPITAL
Our business is to entertain the world across different countries, cultures, languages and tastes. To entertain an audience this global, our Company needs
to reflect the world and the variety of stories we tell. To help ensure our workforce is representative of the members we serve, we employ people in multiple
countries around the world and work to maintain a global culture of inclusion. We view our employees and our culture as key to our success. As of
December 31, 2025, we had approximately 16,000 full-time employees. Of these, approximately 10,900 (68%) were located in the United States and Canada,
2,500 (16%) in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 1,900 (12%) in Asia-Pacific and 700 (4%) in Latin America. We also have a number of employees engaged in
content production, some of whom are part-time or temporary, and whose numbers fluctuate throughout the year and may be covered by collective bargaining
agreements.
We believe an important component of our success is our company culture as detailed in the “Netflix Culture Memo”, which was updated in 2024. Our
culture is focused on excellence and creating an environment where talented people can thrive — lifting ourselves, each other and our audiences higher and
higher. We engage employees and seek feedback through regular town halls, surveys, business reviews and memos, which we often share broadly, inviting
comments. We aim to attract and retain great people — representing a broad array of perspectives and skills — to work together as a dream team. For more
people and cultures to see themselves reflected on screen, it is important that our employee base represents the communities we serve.
We aim generally to pay our employees at their personal top of market, and they generally are able to choose the form of their compensation between
cash and stock options. This permits employee compensation to be highly personalized and reflective of each employee's individual needs and preferences. We
conduct pay equity analyses at least annually, and have adopted practices to help ensure that employees from underrepresented groups are not being underpaid
based on gender identity (globally) and race or ethnicity (United States (“U.S.”)) relative to others doing the same or similar work under comparable
circumstances. We aim to rectify any pay gaps that we find through this analysis.
We care about the health and well-being of our employees and their families and provide a variety of benefit programs based on region, including health
benefits. In the U.S., employees generally receive an annual cash health benefit allowance that they may allocate to medical, dental and vision premiums in a
way that makes sense for them. Employees have access to a host of other benefits, including mental health, childcare, family planning and a company match
for charitable donations.
We believe that our approach to human capital resources has been instrumental in our growth, and has made Netflix a desirable destination for employees.
OTHER INFORMATION
We maintain a website at www.netflix.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. We make available, free of charge on our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our
Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the “Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”).
2