Table of Contents
Item 1A. Risk Factors
If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of
our common stock could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
Risks Related to Our Business
If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely affected.
We must continually add new members both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. Our ability
to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling
content choices that keep our members engaged with our service, effectively drive conversation around our content and service, as well as provide a quality
experience for choosing and enjoying TV series, films and games. Our penetration and growth rates have fluctuated and vary across the jurisdictions where we
provide our service. In countries where we have been operating for many years or where we are highly penetrated, our membership growth is slower than in
newer or less penetrated countries. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related features of competitors to our service may
adversely impact our ability to attract and retain members. Competitors include other entertainment video providers, such as linear television, streaming
entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming providers, open content platform providers, which provide access to user￾generated and professionally produced content, as well as more broadly against other sources of entertainment, such as social media, that our members could
choose in their moments of free time.
Members cancel our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service sufficiently, that they need to cut household
expenses, dissatisfaction with content, including any advertisements that may appear on our service, a preference for competitive services and customer service
issues that they believe are not satisfactorily resolved. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including as a result of inflation, may also adversely impact our
ability to attract and retain members. If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that our content costs are largely fixed in nature, we may not be able to
adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues, including by adjusting membership pricing, commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our
margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in providing
compelling content, retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected.
If we do not continuously provide value to our members, including making improvements to our service in a manner that is favorably received by
them, our revenue, results of operations and business will be adversely affected.
If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or adjust existing features, adjust pricing or service
offerings, or change the mix of content in a manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain members, and accordingly,
our revenue and results of operations may be adversely affected. We expanded our entertainment video offering to include games and live programming. If our
efforts to sustain and improve our existing TV and film offering, as well as develop and expand our video entertainment options, are not done in a manner
valued by our current and future members, our ability to attract and retain members may be negatively impacted. We may also seek to extend our business into
new products and services to help drive growth. For example, we continue to expand our offering of consumer products and live experiences. To the extent we
cannot successfully find and develop new products, experiences and services to help drive growth, or we do not realize the expected benefits or generate
additional revenue from such new products, experiences, and services, our future results of operations and growth may be adversely impacted.
We have and may, from time to time, adjust our membership pricing, our membership plans, or our pricing model itself, including for example, the lower￾priced ad-supported subscription plan. Similarly, we have increased enforcement of and will continue to enforce our terms of use to limit multi-household
usage and shared viewing outside of a household. These and other adjustments we make may not be well-received by consumers, and could negatively impact
our ability to attract and retain members, revenue and our results of operations. In addition, many of our members rejoin our service or originate from word-of￾mouth advertising from existing members. If our efforts to satisfy our existing members or adjustments to our service are not successful, we may not be able to
attract or retain members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected.
Changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video could adversely impact our business.
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Through new and existing distribution channels, consumers have
increasing options to access entertainment video. The various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, which may be bundled with
other services, transactional, ad-supported and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture meaningful segments of the entertainment video
market. We face competition from traditional providers of entertainment video, including broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as internet based e￾commerce or entertainment video providers and platforms. Several of these competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand
recognition, exclusive rights to certain content, large content libraries, and significant financial, marketing and other resources. They may offer more
compelling content or secure better terms
4