Table of Contents
from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions and
marketing. New entrants may enter the market or existing providers may adjust their services with unique offerings or approaches to providing entertainment
video. In addition, new technological developments, including the development and use of generative AI, are rapidly evolving. If our competitors gain an
advantage by using such technologies more effectively to satisfy consumer demand, our ability to compete successfully and our results of operations could be
adversely impacted. Companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive positions. Piracy also threatens to
damage our business, as its fundamental proposition to consumers is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free. In light of the
compelling consumer proposition, piracy services are subject to rapid global growth, and our efforts to prevent that growth may be insufficient. If we are
unable to successfully or profitably compete with current and new competitors and win moments of truth, our business will be adversely affected, and we may
not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability.
We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our
service.
As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and trademark infringement, or other claims based on the
nature and content of materials that we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute. We also may face potential liability for content used in promoting our
service, including marketing materials. We devote significant resources toward the development, production, marketing and distribution of original
programming. We believe that original and exclusive programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise
attract and retain members. To the extent our programming does not meet our expectations, in particular, in terms of costs, viewing and popularity, our
business, including our brand and results of operations may be adversely impacted. As a content producer, we are responsible for production costs and other
expenses, such as ongoing guild payments, and take on risks associated with production, such as completion and key talent risk. Further, negotiations or
renewals related to entertainment industry collective bargaining agreements have, and in the future, could negatively impact timing and costs associated with
our productions. We contract with third parties related to the development, production, marketing and distribution of our original programming. We may face
potential liability or may suffer significant losses in connection with these arrangements, including but not limited to if such third parties violate applicable law,
become insolvent or engage in fraudulent behavior. To the extent we create and sell physical or digital merchandise relating to our programming, and/or license
such rights to third parties, we could become subject to product liability, intellectual property or other claims related to such merchandise. We may decide to
remove content from our service, not to place licensed or produced content on our service or discontinue or alter production of original content if we believe
such content might not be well received by our members, is prohibited by law, or could be damaging to our brand or business.
To the extent we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we obtain but ultimately does not appear on or is removed
from our service, or if we become liable for content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer. Litigation to defend these claims
could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be
indemnified against claims or costs of these types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims.
If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected.
We are expanding our operations, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related
to our services, such as introducing games and advertising on our service, as well as offering live programming and expanding our consumer products and
experiences. We are also scaling our own studio operations to produce original content. As our international offering evolves, we are managing and adjusting
our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and streaming video, as well as
differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features such as our ad-supported subscription plan and live
programming, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party “cloud” computing, technology and other services. As we scale our content production,
including games, and introduce new features and expand our consumer products and experience offerings, we are building out expertise in a number of
disciplines, including creative, marketing, legal, finance, licensing, merchandising and other resources, which requires significant resources and management
attention. Further, we may expand our content and service offerings in a manner that is not well received by consumers. As we grow our operations, we may
face integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or
companies we may acquire or control. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or evolving our
corporate culture, as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely
affected.
If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, including any advertisements, we may not be able to
attract or retain members, we may face regulatory scrutiny and our operating results may be adversely affected.
We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members. To the extent our content, including any
advertisements that may appear on our service, is perceived as low quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and
maintain a positive reputation may be adversely impacted. To the extent our content, including any advertisements, is deemed controversial or offensive by
government regulators, we may face direct or indirect retaliatory action or behavior, including being
5