Table of Contents
required to remove such content from our service, our entire service could be banned and/or become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny across our
business and operations. We could also face consumer boycotts or cancellation campaigns, which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, to the
extent our response to government action or our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not effective or result in negative reaction, our
ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation may likewise be adversely impacted. There is a focus from regulators, investors, members and other
stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters, both in the United States and internationally, including the adoption of new disclosure
and regulatory frameworks. To the extent we are unable to meet regulatory or industry standards or investor expectations on ESG issues or the content we
distribute and the manner in which we produce content creates ESG-related concerns, our reputation may be harmed.
Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments.
From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses, content, and technologies that support our business. The risks associated with such acquisitions or
investments (some of which may be unforeseen) include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities and exposure to
litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected synergies; and diversion of management’s time and attention, among other acquisition-related
risks.
We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, if we do not
complete an announced acquisition transaction or integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the benefits of the
acquisition to the extent anticipated. Acquisitions and investments may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. These fluctuations could
arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with
acquisitions and investments, and could negatively impact our financial results. See Risk Factors – “We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other
obligations, including streaming content obligations, which could adversely affect our financial position, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to
service our debt and other obligations,” “The WBD transaction may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or terms, or at all,” and “The
WBD transaction may cause our financial results to differ from expectations, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the WBD transaction, and the
WBD transaction may disrupt our current plans or operations” for additional information.
We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices.
We currently offer members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-connected devices, including TVs, digital video players,
TV set-top boxes and mobile devices. We have agreements with various cable, satellite and telecommunications operators to make our service available
through the TV set-top boxes of these service providers, some of which compete directly with us or have investments in competing streaming content
providers. In many instances, our agreements also include provisions by which the partner bills consumers directly for the Netflix service or otherwise offers
services or products in connection with offering our service. If partners or other providers do a better job of connecting consumers with content they want to
watch, for example through multi-service discovery interfaces (including those powered by generative AI), our service may be adversely impacted. We intend
to continue to broaden our relationships with existing partners and to increase our capability to stream content and offer games to other platforms and partners
over time. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory,
business or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to retain members and grow our business could
be adversely impacted.
Our agreements with our partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a
number of our partners do not continue to provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, which terms may include the degree
of accessibility and prominence of our service. Furthermore, devices are manufactured and sold by entities other than Netflix and while these entities should be
responsible for the devices’ performance, the connection between these devices and our service may nonetheless result in consumer dissatisfaction toward us
and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming
functionality may require that partners update their devices, and from time to time, lead us to stop supporting the delivery of our service on certain legacy
devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, or if we discontinue support for certain devices, our service and our members' use and
enjoyment could be negatively impacted.
We are subject to payment processing risk.
Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, prepaid cards, direct debit,
online wallets and direct carrier and partner billing. We rely on internal systems and those of third parties to process payments. Acceptance and processing of
these payment methods are subject to certain rules, regulations, and industry standards, including data storage requirements, additional authentication
requirements for certain payment methods, and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are increases in payment processing fees,
material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, changes to
rules, regulations or industry standards concerning payments, loss of payment partners and/or disruptions or failures in our payment processing systems,
partner systems or payment products, including products we use to update payment information, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operations
could be adversely impacted. In certain
6