Table of Contents
instances, we leverage third parties such as our cable and other partners to bill members on our behalf. If these third parties become unwilling or unable to
continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to transition members or otherwise find alternative methods of collecting payments, which could
adversely impact member acquisition and retention. In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our
results of operations and if not adequately controlled and managed could create negative consumer perceptions of our service. If we are unable to maintain our
fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines, our card approval rate may be impacted and we may be subject to additional
card authentication requirements. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to
operate our business.
If government regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our
business, or incur greater operating expenses.
The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the
manner in which we currently conduct our business. As our service and others like us gain traction in international markets, governments are increasingly
looking to introduce new or extend legacy regulations to these services, in particular those related to broadcast media and tax. For example, European law
enables individual member states to impose levies and other financial obligations on media operators that provide services in their jurisdiction. Several
European Union (EU) Member States have and others may, over time, impose financial and regulatory obligations on us. In addition, the continued growth and
development of the market for online commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on us. Rules
governing new technological developments, including generative AI, are nascent and rapidly evolving such that the impact on areas related to our business
remains uncertain. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance
could cause us to incur additional expenses or alter our business model. Additionally, ongoing enforcement of the Digital Markets Act in the EU and similar
regulations in other territories, such as Japan, could change how we and other app developers interact with digital gatekeepers, such as Apple and Google,
although we are not in scope of these regulations.
Changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including laws impacting net neutrality, requiring
payment of network access fees or payment of network support taxes, could decrease the demand for our service and increase our cost of doing business. In
July 2025, in an important joint statement with the United States, the EU committed not to adopt or maintain such network usage fees, although the risk of de
facto obligations remains in the EU and in certain other jurisdictions. Certain laws intended to prevent network operators from discriminating against the legal
traffic that traverse their networks have been implemented in many countries, including across the EU and several U.S. states. In others, the laws may be
nascent, evolving or non-existent. For example, in January 2025, a U.S. federal appeals court overturned the Federal Communications Commission's net
neutrality rules. Given uncertainty around these rules, including changing interpretations, amendments or repeal, coupled with potentially significant political
and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to
incur additional expense or otherwise negatively affect our business.
We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management's
time and attention.
From time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. As we have grown, we
have seen a rise in the number of litigation matters against us. These matters have included copyright and other claims related to our content, products, patent
infringement claims, tax litigation, employment related litigation, as well as consumer and securities class actions, each of which are typically expensive to
defend. Litigation disputes could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, result in content unavailability, service disruptions, and otherwise occupy a significant
amount of our management's time and attention, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and financial position. We also receive inquiries
and subpoenas and other types of information requests from government authorities, and we may become subject to related claims and other actions related to
our business activities. While the ultimate outcome of investigations, inquiries, information requests and related legal proceedings is difficult to predict, such
matters can be expensive, time-consuming and distracting, and adverse resolutions or settlements of those matters may result in, among other things,
modification of our business practices, reputational harm or costs and significant payments, any of which could negatively affect our business operations and
financial position.
Our advertising offering is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may adversely affect our business.
We have limited experience and operating history offering advertising on our service, and our advertising revenue may not grow as we expect. Our ability
to generate advertising revenue is subject to various risks and will depend on a number of factors, including:
• our ability to attract and retain advertisers;
• fluctuations in membership plan mix and member engagement;
• the quantity or quality of ads shown to our members;
• our ability to compete effectively for advertising spend;
• the impact of seasonal, cyclical or other shifts in advertising spend, including the impact of macroeconomic conditions;
7