Table of Contents
• the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and measurement solutions offered by us or third parties that demonstrate the value of our
ads to marketers, or our ability to further improve such tools;
• changes in the way advertising on devices, connected TVs or on personal computers is measured or priced;
• adverse legal developments relating to advertising, targeting, or measurement tools;
• changes in third-party policies, which may negatively impact the ability to measure, deliver and select ads to be served;
• regulatory, legislative and industry developments relating to the collection and use of information and other privacy considerations, including
regulations related to ad targeting and measurement tools;
• any liability or reputational harm from advertisements shown on our service;
• our relationship with third-party service providers for the management, operation, sale and technology to support advertisements on our service;
• our ability to develop and expand an advertising sales and advertising technology organization team;
• our ability to develop the technology, data, and related infrastructure to support advertising and drive value to advertisers;
• the impact of our content and reputation on advertisers’ willingness to spend with us; and
• any member dissatisfaction due to advertisements.
Risks Related to Intellectual Property
If studios, content providers or other rights holders refuse to license streaming content or other rights upon terms acceptable to us, our business could
be adversely affected.
Our ability to provide our members with content they can enjoy depends on obtaining various rights from third parties upon terms acceptable to us,
including necessary distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the
content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such rights vary. As content providers develop their own streaming services, they
may be unwilling to provide us with access to certain content, including popular series or movies. If the studios, content providers and other rights holders are
not or are no longer willing or able to license us content upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members may be adversely affected
and/or our costs could increase. Certain licenses for content provide for the studios or other content providers to withdraw content from our service relatively
quickly. Because of these provisions and other actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice. As competition
increases, we see the cost of certain programming increase. As we seek to differentiate our service, we are often focused on securing certain exclusive rights
when obtaining content, including original content. We are also focused on programming an overall mix of content that delights our members in a cost efficient
manner. Within this context, we are selective about the titles we add and renew to our service. If we do not maintain a compelling mix of content, our member
acquisition and retention may be adversely affected.
Music and certain authors’ performances contained within content we distribute may require us to obtain licenses for such distribution. In this regard, we
engage in negotiations with collection management organizations (“CMOs”) and similar entities that hold certain rights to music and/or other interests in
intellectual property (e.g., remuneration rights) in connection with streaming content into various territories. If we are unable to reach mutually acceptable
terms with these organizations, we could become involved in litigation and/or could be enjoined from distributing certain content, which could adversely
impact our business. Additionally, pending and ongoing litigation and negotiations between certain CMOs and other third parties in various territories could
adversely impact our negotiations with CMOs, or result in music publishers represented by certain CMOs unilaterally withdrawing rights, and thereby
adversely impact our ability to reach licensing agreements reasonably acceptable to us. Failure to reach such licensing agreements could expose us to potential
liability for copyright infringement or otherwise increase our costs. Additionally, as the market for the digital distribution of content grows, a broader role for
CMOs in the remuneration of authors, performers and other beneficiaries of neighboring rights is likely to expose us to greater distribution expenses in certain
markets.
If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand
and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely affected.
We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with
whom we have relationships, as well as trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We may also seek to
enforce our proprietary rights through court proceedings or other legal actions. We have filed and we expect to file from time to time for trademark, copyright,
and patent applications. Nevertheless, these applications may not be approved, third parties may challenge any copyrights, patents or trademarks issued to or
held by us, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement or
misappropriation without substantial expense to us. If the protection of our intellectual property rights is inadequate to prevent use or misappropriation by third
parties, the value of our brand, content, and other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and
methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to members and potential members may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability
to attract members may be adversely affected.
We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Netflix.com. Failure to protect our domain names could adversely affect our
reputation and brand and make it more difficult for users to find our website and our service. We may be unable, without
8