Table of Contents
significant cost or at all, to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of our
trademarks and other proprietary rights.
Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights related to, among other things, our technology,
business processes, and content.
Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies. Our intellectual property rights extend to our
technology, business processes, the content we produce and distribute through our service, and consumer products, experiences, and marketing assets based
thereon. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our products and experiences, and marketing our
service. From time to time, third parties allege that we have infringed or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. If we are unable to obtain
sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to
claims against us for infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, our business and competitive position
may be adversely affected. In addition, the use or adoption of new and emerging technologies may increase our exposure to intellectual property claims. For
example, the development and use of generative AI tools remain subject to uncertain legal frameworks, and the availability of copyright and other intellectual
property protection for AI-generated material is uncertain. Many companies are devoting significant resources to developing patents that could potentially
affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of conducting business on the internet. We have not
searched for patents relative to our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or without merit or are
determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. It also may result in our inability to use our current
technology and products, our recommendation and merchandising technology or inability to market our service or merchandise our products. We may also have
to remove content from our service, or remove consumer products or marketing materials from the marketplace. As a result of a dispute, we may have to
develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our content, merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to
resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us.
Risks Related to Information Technology
Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including
those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or
destruction of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could
adversely impact our business.
Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and
those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from, among other things, earthquakes, adverse
weather conditions, other natural disasters, public health issues such as pandemics or epidemics, terrorist attacks, rogue employees, power loss,
telecommunications failures, cybersecurity risks and incidents, and other interruptions beyond our control. Interruptions in these systems, or with the internet in
general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver our service. Service interruptions, errors in our software or
the unavailability of computer systems or data used in our operations could diminish the overall attractiveness of our service to existing and potential members.
Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to constantly evolving cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks
such as computer viruses, malware, ransomware, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, or insider threats, as well as misconfigurations in
information systems, networks, software or hardware, and similar disruptions or errors. These systems and those of third parties with which we do business
have experienced and may continue to experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in our service and operations as well as loss,
misuse or theft of personal information (of third parties, employees, and our members) and other data, confidential information or intellectual property. We and
many of the third parties we work with rely on open source software and libraries that are integrated into a variety of applications, tools and systems, which
may increase our exposure to vulnerabilities. The addition of new features or upgrades also increases our exposure to vulnerabilities, and generative AI could
intensify these cybersecurity risks. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to induce employees, vendors, partners, or users to disclose sensitive or
confidential information in order to gain access to data. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data (including member and corporate information) or intellectual
property (including digital content assets), disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could harm our
business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and
systems. However, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate, detect or
prevent unauthorized access or address all cybersecurity incidents that occur. Because of our prominence, we (and/or third parties we use) have been and may
continue to be a particularly attractive target for such attacks, and from time to time, we have experienced unauthorized releases of certain digital content assets
and unintended disclosure of personal information due to incidents related to third parties. However, to date these unauthorized releases have not had a material
impact on our service, systems or business. There is no assurance that hackers may not have a material impact on our service or systems in the future. We do
not carry insurance to cover expenses related to such disruptions or unauthorized access. Efforts to prevent hackers from disrupting our service or otherwise
accessing our systems are expensive to develop, implement and maintain. These efforts
9