Table of Contents
require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated, and may limit the
functionality of or otherwise negatively impact our service offering and systems. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result
in a loss of members, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, a penetration of our systems or a third-party’s
systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal information could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a
negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party provider. In addition, we
utilize third-party “cloud” computing services in connection with our business operations. We also utilize our own and third-party content delivery networks
(“CDN”) to help us stream content and offer games in high volume to Netflix members over the internet. Problems faced by us or our third-party “cloud”
computing or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats and regulatory interference,
could adversely impact the experience of our members.
We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web
Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted.
Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, or what is commonly referred to as a
“cloud” computing service. We have architected our software and computer systems to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other services provided
by AWS. Currently, we run the vast majority of our computing on AWS. Given this, along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our AWS operations to
another cloud provider, any commercial disputes related to, disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business
would be adversely impacted. While the retail side of Amazon competes with us, we do not believe that Amazon will use the AWS operation in a manner to
gain competitive advantage against our service, although if it were to do so it could harm our business.
If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operations
could be adversely impacted.
We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to
recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer
electronic devices. For example, we have built and deployed our own CDN. To the extent Internet Service Providers (“ISPs”) do not interconnect with our
CDN or charge us to access their networks, or if we experience difficulties in our CDN’s operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our
streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Likewise, if our
recommendation and merchandising technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that our members will enjoy or our competitors' technology
provides a better experience to consumers, our ability to attract and retain members may be adversely affected. We also utilize third-party technology to help
market our service, process payments, and otherwise manage the daily operations of our business. If our technology or that of third-parties we utilize in our
operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, including as a result of “bugs” or other errors in our development and deployment of software, our ability to
operate our service, retain existing members and add new members may be impaired. Any harm to our members’ devices caused by software used in our
operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business.
We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our
service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. To the extent that network operators implement usage based pricing,
including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and
our member acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and
either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted.
Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video programming. As such,
many network operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. While we believe that
consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help counterbalance these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide
preferential treatment to their data as opposed to ours or otherwise implement discriminatory network management practices, our business could be negatively
impacted. The extent to which these incentives limit operator behavior differs across markets.
10