Table of Contents
Risks Related to Privacy
Privacy concerns could limit our ability to collect and leverage member personal information and disclosure of member personal information could
adversely impact our business and reputation.
In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with content acquisition, merchandising our service to our members and our advertising
offering, we collect and utilize information supplied by our members and third parties, which may include personal information and other data. We are subject
to laws, rules and regulations relating to privacy and the collection, use and security of personal information, including but not limited to Regulation (EU)
2016/679 (also known as the General Data Protection Regulation or “GDPR”) and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”). Any actual or perceived failure
to comply with the GDPR, the California Consumer Privacy Act/CPRA, other data privacy laws or regulations, or related contractual or other obligations, or
any perceived privacy rights violation, have and could in the future lead to investigations, claims, and proceedings by governmental entities and private parties,
which to date have not been material but may result in significant damages for contract breach, and other significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities, as
well as harm to our reputation and market position.
Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link personal identities and other information to data
collected on the internet regarding users’ browsing and other habits. Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or findings
under existing laws that limit our ability to collect, transfer and use personal information, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we were
to disclose personal information about our members in a manner that was objectionable to them, our business reputation could be adversely affected, and we
could face potential legal claims that could impact our operating results. Internationally, we may become subject to additional and/or more stringent legal
obligations concerning our treatment of member and other personal information, such as laws regarding data localization, data transfer and/or restrictions on
data export. Failure to comply with these obligations could subject us to liability, and to the extent that we need to alter our business model or practices to adapt
to these obligations, we could incur additional expenses.
Our reputation and relationships with members would be harmed if member personal information, particularly billing data, were to be accessed by
unauthorized persons.
We maintain personal information regarding our members, including names, age, gender and billing information. This personal information is maintained
on our own systems as well as that of third parties we use in our operations. With respect to billing information, such as credit card numbers, we rely on
encryption and authentication technology to secure such information. We take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into our members’
information. Despite these measures and technologies we, our payment processing services or other third-party services we use such as AWS, could experience
an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information. In the event of such a breach, current and potential members may become unwilling to provide the
information to us necessary for them to remain or become members. We have notified and may in the future be required to notify regulators about any actual or
perceived data breach (including various state Attorneys General, one or more EU data protection authorities, or other data protection authorities) as well as the
individuals who are affected by the incident within strict time periods. Additionally, we could face legal claims or regulatory fines or penalties for such a
breach. The costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we currently do not carry insurance against the risk of a data breach. We also maintain
personal information concerning our employees, as well as personal information of others working on our productions. Should an unauthorized intrusion into
our members’ or employees’ personal information and/or production personal information occur, our business could be adversely affected and our larger
reputation with respect to data protection could be negatively impacted.
Risks Related to Liquidity
The long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity
and results of operations.
In connection with licensing streaming content, we typically enter into multi-year commitments with studios and other content providers. We also enter
into multi-year commitments for content that we produce, either directly or through third parties, including elements associated with these productions such as
non-cancelable commitments under talent agreements. The payment terms of these agreements are not tied to member usage or the size of our membership
base (“fixed cost”) but may be determined by costs of production or tied to such factors as titles licensed and/or theatrical exhibition receipts. Such
commitments, to the extent estimable under accounting standards, are included in the Contractual Obligations section of Part II, Item 7, “Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies in the accompanying notes to our
consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given the
multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if business performance does not meet our expectations, our margins may be
adversely impacted. Further, we may be unable to react to any reduction in our cash flows from operations, including those caused by a downturn in the
economy, by reducing our streaming content obligations in the near-term. Payment terms for certain content commitments, such as content we directly produce,
will typically require more up-front cash payments than other content licenses or arrangements whereby we do not fund the production of such content. To the
extent revenue growth does not meet our expectations, our liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected as a
11