Table of Contents
result of content commitments and accelerated payment requirements of certain agreements. In addition, the long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our
content commitments may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate. If we
license and/or produce content that is not favorably received by consumers in a territory, or is unable to be shown in a territory, acquisition and retention may
be adversely impacted and given the long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments, we may not be able to adjust our content offerings quickly
and our results of operations may be adversely impacted.
We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common stockholders.
From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity, equity-linked or debt securities. The decision to obtain additional
capital will depend on, among other things, our business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets. Rising interest rates or any
disruption in the capital markets could make it more difficult and expensive for us to raise additional capital or refinance our existing indebtedness. If we raise
additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights
of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. Any large equity or equity-linked offering could also negatively impact our stock price.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, which could adversely affect our
financial position, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our debt and other obligations.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations. Moreover, we may incur additional
indebtedness in the future and incur other obligations, including any additional streaming content obligations. Our ability to make payments on our debt and
other obligations will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain
financial, business and other factors beyond our control. If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash flows, we may need to refinance
or restructure all or a portion of such obligations prior to maturity. If the financial markets become difficult or costly to access, including due to rising interest
rates, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or other changes in economic conditions, our ability to raise additional capital may be negatively
impacted, and any refinancing or restructuring could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further
restrict our business operations.
As of December 31, 2025, we had the equivalent of $14.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding (“Notes”), some of which is
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, we have entered into a revolving credit agreement that provides for a $3 billion unsecured
revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2025, we have not borrowed any amount under this revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2025, we had
approximately $5.7 billion of total content liabilities as reflected on our consolidated balance sheet, some of which is denominated in currencies other than the
U.S. dollar. Such amount does not include streaming content commitments that do not meet the criteria for liability recognition, the amounts of which are
significant. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may require us to use a substantial portion of our cash
flow from operations to make debt service payments and pay our other obligations when due, limit our ability to borrow additional funds, limit our flexibility to
plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors. For more
information on our streaming content obligations, including those not on our consolidated balance sheet, see Note 9, Commitments and Contingencies, in the
accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.
In connection with our transaction with WBD to acquire WBD’s streaming and studios businesses, including its film and television studios, HBO Max
and HBO (such transaction, the “WBD transaction”), we expect to incur and/or assume a substantial amount of additional indebtedness, which will materially
increase the amount of our outstanding indebtedness and could subject us to additional risks. We have obtained commitments from financing sources to provide
up to a $42.2 billion senior unsecured bridge term loan facility, and we have entered into a $5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility and a $20 billion
senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility. We may draw on such facilities or issue or obtain other debt financing to finance a portion of the cash
consideration for the WBD transaction. In addition, upon completion of the WBD transaction, we expect to assume additional outstanding debt of WBD. The
terms of the indebtedness we may incur or assume in connection with the WBD transaction could vary materially and may include secured debt and/or debt
with restrictive covenants that are more burdensome than those in our existing debt arrangements. To the extent these covenants remain in effect after closing,
they could reduce the combined company’s operating and financial flexibility, and the substantial indebtedness to be incurred or assumed in connection with
the WBD transaction could further exacerbate the risks described above.
Risks Related to International Operations
We could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from our international operations.
Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will subject us to economic, political, regulatory and
other risks that may be different from or incremental to those in the U.S. In addition to the risks that we face in the U.S., our international operations involve
risks that could adversely affect our business, including:
• the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences;
12