Table of Contents
Risks Related to Human Resources
We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire qualified employees, and the failure to maintain and improve our company culture may
adversely affect our business.
We rely on the continued service of our senior management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers, Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters, members of our
executive team and other key employees. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-skilled business, product development,
technical, creative and other personnel. If we experience high executive turnover, fail to adapt our business practices to industry expectations, fail to maintain a
positive reputation, fail to implement succession plans for key employees, encounter difficulties associated with the transition of members of our management
team, are not successful in recruiting new personnel or in retaining and motivating existing personnel, in instilling our culture in new employees, or
maintaining and improving our culture as we grow, our operations may be disrupted, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
Labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business.
We and our partners, suppliers, and vendors engage writers, directors, actors, other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective
bargaining agreements in the motion picture industry, both in the U.S. and internationally. Additionally, the major U.S. guild collective bargaining agreements
to which the Company is a signatory each expire in 2026, with the Writers Guild of America (“WGA”) agreement expiring on May 1, 2026, and the Screen
Actors Guild – American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (“SAG-AFTRA”) and Directors Guild of America (“DGA”) agreements both expiring on
June 30, 2026. These and other expiring collective bargaining agreements may be renewed on terms that are unfavorable to us. Furthermore, if expiring
collective bargaining agreements cannot be renewed, affected unions have, and could in the future, take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. Such
work stoppages have resulted, and may in the future result, in halted productions and delays in our ability to provide new content to our members. Such actions,
as well as higher costs or operating complexities in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse
effect on our business by causing delays in production, added costs or by reducing profit margins, and our ability to provide new content to our members could
likewise be delayed or dropped.
Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable, although we
have announced plans to modify some of these provisions over time.
Our charter documents in their current form may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable because
they:
• authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock;
• prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent; and
• establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at stockholder meetings.
As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a
business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board
of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees under the terms of our Amended and Restated
Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby increasing the cost of such a transaction.
Our stock price is volatile.
The price at which our common stock has traded has fluctuated significantly. The price may continue to be volatile due to a number of factors including
the following, some of which are beyond our control:
• variations in our operating results, including our membership acquisition and retention, revenues, operating income, net income, net cash provided by
operating activities and free cash flow;
• variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community;
• announcements of developments affecting our business, including mergers and acquisitions, such as the WBD transaction, systems or expansion
plans by us or others;
• competition, including the introduction of new competitors, their pricing strategies and services;
• market volatility in general;
• the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock;
• the impact of our current stock repurchase program and any future stock repurchase program we may adopt;
• the operating results of our competitors; and
• other risks and uncertainties described in these risk factors.
14