Table of Contents
As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above their original purchase price.
Following certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we became the subject of securities litigation. We may experience more such
litigation following future periods of volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources.
Preparing and forecasting our financial results requires us to make judgments and estimates which may differ materially from actual results.
Given the dynamic nature of our business, and the inherent limitations in predicting the future, forecasts of our revenues, operating margins, net income,
cash flow, and other financial and operating data may differ materially from actual results. Also, predicting consumer adoption of various pricing strategies,
such as the ad-supported subscription plan or efforts to limit multi-household usage, and new revenue streams, such as advertising revenue, is inherently
difficult given the lack of operating history with respect to such offerings, and actual results may differ significantly from the expectations of our management,
securities analysts or investors. Such discrepancies could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America also requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. We base such estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, but actual results may differ from these estimates. For example, we estimate the content
amortization pattern, beginning with the month of first availability, of any particular licensed or produced television series, documentary or feature film based
upon various factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns. If actual viewing patterns differ from these estimates, the pattern and/or period of
amortization would be changed and could affect the timing or recognition of content amortization. If we revise such estimates it could result in greater in￾period expenses, which could cause us to miss our earnings guidance or negatively impact the results we report which could negatively impact our stock price.
Further, events outside of our control may cause actual results to differ from our forecast.
Risk Factors Related to the WBD Transaction
The WBD transaction may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or terms, or at all.
Consummation of the WBD transaction is conditioned on, among other things, obtaining necessary governmental and regulatory approvals. If any of the
conditions to the WBD transaction are not satisfied, it could delay or prevent the WBD transaction from occurring, which could result in Netflix’s obligation to
pay a $5.8 billion termination fee in certain specified circumstances. Further, as a condition to their approval of the WBD transaction, regulatory agencies may
impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of WBD's streaming and studios businesses after the
closing. These requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions could jeopardize or delay the consummation of the WBD transaction, may result in a
material adverse effect on WBD's streaming and studios businesses or may reduce the anticipated benefits of the WBD transaction.
The WBD transaction may cause our financial results to differ from expectations, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the WBD
transaction, and the WBD transaction may disrupt our current plans or operations.
The success of the WBD transaction will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate the acquired businesses and realize the anticipated
benefits, including synergies. Difficulties in integrating the acquired businesses may result in the failure to realize anticipated synergies in the expected
timeframes, in operational challenges, and in the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business opportunities, challenges and risks, as well as in
unforeseen expenses associated with the WBD transaction, which may have an adverse impact on our financial results.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
We have an enterprise-wide information security program designed to identify, protect, detect and respond to and manage reasonably foreseeable
cybersecurity risks and threats. To protect our information systems from cybersecurity threats, we use various security tools that help prevent, identify, escalate,
investigate, resolve and recover from identified vulnerabilities and security incidents in a timely manner. These include, but are not limited to, internal
reporting, monitoring and detection tools, and a bug bounty program to allow security researchers to assist us in identifying vulnerabilities in our products
before they are exploited by malicious threat actors. We also maintain a third party security program to identify, prioritize, assess, mitigate and remediate third
party risks; however, we rely on the third parties we use to implement security programs commensurate with their risk, and we cannot ensure in all
circumstances that their efforts will be successful.
15