Table of Contents
Liquidity and Capital Resources
As of December 31, Change
2025 2024 2025 vs. 2024
(in thousands, except percentages)
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments $ 9,067,872 $ 9,586,343 $ (518,471) (5)%
Short-term and long-term debt 14,462,836 15,582,804 (1,119,968) (7)%
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments decreased $518 million in the year ended December 31, 2025 primarily due to the
repurchase of stock and repayment of debt, partially offset by cash provided by operations.
Debt, net of debt issuance costs and discounts, decreased $1,120 million primarily due to approximately $1,833 million in repayments of debt, partially
offset by the remeasurement of our Euro-denominated notes in the year ended December 31, 2025. The amount of principal and interest on our outstanding
notes due in the next twelve months is $1,690 million. See Note 7 Debt in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements.
Uses of Cash
Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, marketing programs, streaming delivery, and personnel-related
costs. Cash payment terms for non-original content have historically been in line with the amortization period. Investments in original content, and in particular
content that we produce and own, require more cash upfront relative to licensed content. For example, production costs are paid as the content is created, well
in advance of when the content is available on the service and amortized. We expect to continue to significantly invest in global content, particularly in original
content, which will impact our liquidity. Our other uses of cash include strategic acquisitions and investments, as well as share repurchases. See the “Material
Cash Requirements” section below for further detail on our expected use of cash in connection with the WBD transaction.
Financing Arrangements
On April 12, 2024, we entered into a five-year, $3 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that matures on April 12, 2029 (the “Revolving Credit
Agreement”). In May 2025, we established a $3 billion commercial paper program (the “Commercial Paper Program”) under which we may issue short-term
unsecured commercial paper notes. On December 4, 2025, we entered into a bridge commitment letter pursuant to which the commitment parties agreed to
provide, subject to customary conditions, a $59 billion senior unsecured bridge term loan facility to finance the purchase price for the WBD transaction, to pay
fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the WBD transaction and, at our option, to refinance certain indebtedness (the “Bridge Facility
Commitments”). On December 19, 2025, we replaced a portion of the Bridge Facility Commitments with a $5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility and a
$20 billion unsecured delayed draw term loan facility (collectively, the “Transaction Credit Facilities”), which reduced the outstanding Bridge Facility
Commitments to $34 billion.
As of December 31, 2025, no amounts have been borrowed under the Revolving Credit Agreement, Commercial Paper Program, Bridge Facility
Commitments, or the Transaction Credit Facilities.
On January 19, 2026, in connection with the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement (as defined below), the Company entered into a bridge facility
incremental commitments agreement (the "Incremental Commitments Agreement"). The Incremental Commitments Agreement increased the existing
commitments under the Company's Bridge Facility Commitments from $34 billion to $42.2 billion of senior unsecured bridge term loan commitments for the
purpose of financing the purchase price under the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement, paying certain other fees, costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the WBD transaction and, at the Company's option, refinancing certain indebtedness.
See Note 7 Debt and Note 14 Subsequent Event for further information on the financing arrangements the Company has entered into in connection with
the WBD transaction.
We anticipate that we may periodically raise additional debt capital. Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose or need,
including for the refinancing of upcoming maturities or potential strategic acquisitions and investments, will depend on, among other things, our development
efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We may not be able to obtain such
financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities, those securities may have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution.
25