Table of Contents
Content
We acquire, license and produce content, including original programming, in order to offer our members unlimited viewing of video entertainment. The
content licenses are for a fixed fee and specific windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content licenses and the production of content require more
upfront cash payments relative to the amortization expense. Payments for content, including additions to content assets and the changes in related liabilities, are
classified within “Net cash provided by operating activities” on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
We recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as “Content assets, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For licensed content, we capitalize the
fee per title and record a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of the title is known and the title is
accepted and available for streaming. For produced content, we capitalize costs associated with the production, including development costs, direct costs and
production overhead, as costs are incurred.
Based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, we amortize the content assets (licensed and produced) in “Cost of revenues” on the
Consolidated Statements of Operations over the shorter of each title's contractual window of availability, estimated period of use or ten years, beginning with
the month of first availability. The amortization is on an accelerated basis, as we typically expect more upfront viewing, and film amortization is more
accelerated than TV series amortization. On average, over 90% of a licensed or produced content asset is expected to be amortized within four years after its
month of first availability. We review factors that impact the amortization of the content assets on a regular basis. Our estimates related to these factors require
considerable management judgment.
In the normal course of business, we, or a third-party producing content on our behalf, may qualify for tax incentives through eligible spend on
productions. The accounting for tax incentives is dependent on the particular type of incentive, including the nature of the benefit and the location the incentive
is earned. In general, tax incentives are realized as cash receipts and may be received prior to or after a title launches on our service. Any amounts we are
eligible for through qualified production spend but have not received, are recognized in “Other current assets” or “Other non-current assets” on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets as receivables. Tax incentives are generally accounted for as a reduction to the cost basis of content assets (presented in “Content
assets, net”) and reduce content amortization over the life of the title (as presented in “Cost of revenues”) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Our business model is subscription based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and produced) are
predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed in the aggregate at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change
in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. To date, we have not identified any such event or changes in
circumstances. If such changes are identified in the future, these aggregated content assets will be stated at the lower of unamortized cost or fair value. In
addition, unamortized costs for assets that have been, or are expected to be, abandoned are written off.
Income Taxes
We record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported results of operations using the asset and liability method.
Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on deferred tax
assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred tax assets is
reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not they will not be realized.
Although we believe our assumptions, judgments and estimates are reasonable, changes in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of
any tax audits could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements.
In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, in full or in part, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past
operating results, our forecast of future earnings and future taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The assumptions utilized in
determining future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying business.
Actual operating results in future years could differ from our current assumptions, judgments and estimates.
We do not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. We may recognize a tax benefit only if it is
more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits
recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being
realized upon settlement. Due to uncertainties in any tax audit outcome, our estimates of the ultimate settlement of our unrecognized tax positions may change
and the actual tax benefits may differ significantly from the estimates.
See Note 11 Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.
28