Table of Contents
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our co￾Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Our management, including our co-Chief Executive Officers and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or
our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within Netflix have been detected.
(b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the
Exchange Act). Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this
assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our assessment under the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013
framework), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. The effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as
stated in their report that is included herein.
(c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
31