Table of Contents
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Information regarding our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference from the information contained under the sections “Proposal One:
Election of Directors,” “Our Company Executive Officers," and "Other Information” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
The Company has adopted an insider trading policy which governs transactions in our securities by the Company and its directors, officers, employees,
consultants, and contractors, which the Company believes is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and
any listing standards applicable to the Company. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 19.1.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the sections “Compensation Discussion and Analysis”
and “Compensation of Named Executive Officers and Other Matters” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the sections “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from information contained under the section “Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions” and “Director Independence” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information with respect to principal independent registered public accounting firm fees and services is incorporated by reference from the information
under the caption “Proposal Two: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders.
34