Table of Contents
Content Amortization
Description of the Matter As disclosed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements “Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies”, the Company acquires, licenses and produces content, including original programming (“Content”). The
Company amortizes Content based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns.
Auditing the amortization of the Company’s Content is complex and subjective due to the judgmental nature of
amortization which is based on an estimate of future viewing patterns. Estimated viewing patterns are based on historical
and forecasted viewing. If actual viewing patterns differ from these estimates, the pattern and/or period of amortization
would be changed and could affect the timing of recognition of content amortization.
How We Addressed the
Matter in Our Audit
We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the content
amortization process. For example, we tested controls over management’s review of the content amortization method and
the significant assumptions, including the historical and forecasted viewing hour consumption, used to develop estimated
viewing patterns. We also tested management’s controls to determine that the data used in the model was complete and
accurate.
To test content amortization, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the content amortization method,
testing the significant assumptions used to develop the estimated viewing patterns and testing the completeness and
accuracy of the underlying data. For example, we assessed management’s assumptions by comparing them to current
viewing trends and current operating information including comparing previous estimates of viewing patterns to actual
results. We also performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the potential changes in the content amortization recorded that
could result from changes in the assumptions.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2012.
San Jose, California
January 23, 2026
38