Table of Contents
NETFLIX, INC.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Description of Business
Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated on August 29, 1997 and began operations on April 14, 1998. The Company is one of the world’s leading
entertainment services offering TV series, films, games and live programming across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and
resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.
Basis of Presentation
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions
have been eliminated.
Stock Split
On November 14, 2025, the Company completed a ten-for-one forward stock split of the Company's issued common stock (the “Stock Split”). Each
shareholder as of the record date of November 10, 2025 received nine additional shares of common stock for every share held. References made to share or per
share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split. See
Note 10 Stockholders' Equity for additional information.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant items subject to
such estimates and assumptions include the content asset amortization policy and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and liabilities. The
Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the circumstances.
On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates these assumptions, judgments and estimates. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2024-03, Income Statement￾Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, requiring public
entities to disclose additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to the financial statements on an interim and annual basis. ASU 2024-
03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2024-03.
In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-10, Government Grants (Topic 832): Accounting for Government Grants Received by Business Entities,
which establishes authoritative guidance on the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of government grants. Under ASU 2025-10,
government grants are recognized when it is probable that the entity will both comply with the conditions of the grant and the grant will be received. The ASU
provides specific accounting models for grants related to assets and grants related to income, including options to recognize government grants as deferred
income or as a reduction of the asset’s cost basis. The ASU also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature of government grants, significant terms and
conditions, accounting policies applied, and amounts recognized in the financial statements. ASU 2025-10 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2028, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
adopting ASU 2025-10.
In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-11, Interim Reporting (Topic 270): Narrow-Scope Improvements, which clarifies the guidance in Topic
270 to improve the consistency of interim financial reporting. The ASU provides a comprehensive list of required interim disclosures and introduces a
disclosure principle requiring entities to disclose events since the end of the last annual reporting period that have a material impact on the entity. ASU 2025-11
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2025-11.
Recently adopted accounting pronouncements
In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires public entities,
on an annual basis, to provide disclosure of specific categories in the rate reconciliation, as well as disclosure of income taxes paid disaggregated by
jurisdiction. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09
for the year ended December 31, 2025, and applied the new disclosure requirements
44