Table of Contents
prospectively to the current annual period. Prior period disclosures have not been adjusted to reflect the new disclosure requirements. See Note 11 Income
Taxes in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for further detail.
Cash Equivalents and Short-term Investments
The Company considers investments in instruments purchased with an original maturity of 90 days or less to be cash equivalents. The Company also
classifies amounts in transit from payment processors for customer credit card and debit card transactions that it expects to settle within several days as cash
equivalents.
The Company classifies short-term investments, which consist of marketable securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days as available-for-sale.
Short-term investments are reported at fair value, with allowances for credit losses included in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated
Statements of Operations and unrealized gains and losses included in “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” within Stockholders’ equity in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company uses the specific identification method to determine cost in calculating realized gains and losses upon the sale of
short-term investments.
Short-term investments are reviewed periodically for allowances for credit losses and impairment. When evaluating the investments, the Company
reviews factors such as the extent to which the fair value of the security is less than the amortized cost basis, adverse conditions specifically related to the
security, the financial condition of the issuer, the Company’s intent to sell, and whether it would be more likely than not that the Company would be required to
sell the investments before the recovery of their amortized cost basis.
Content
The Company acquires, licenses and produces content, including original programming, in order to offer members unlimited viewing of video
entertainment. The content licenses are for a fixed fee and specific windows of availability. Payment terms for certain content licenses and the production of
content require more upfront cash payments relative to the amortization expense. Payments for content, including additions to content assets and the changes in
related liabilities, are classified within “Net cash provided by operating activities” on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
The Company recognizes content assets (licensed and produced) as “Content assets, net” on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For licensed content, the
Company capitalizes the fee per title and records a corresponding liability at the gross amount of the liability when the license period begins, the cost of the
title is known and the title is accepted and available for streaming. For produced content, the Company capitalizes costs associated with the production,
including development costs, direct costs and production overhead, as costs are incurred.
Based on factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns, the Company amortizes the content assets (licensed and produced) in “Cost of
revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the shorter of each title's contractual window of availability, estimated period of use or ten years,
beginning with the month of first availability. The amortization is on an accelerated basis, as the Company typically expects more upfront viewing, and film
amortization is more accelerated than TV series amortization. On average, over 90% of a licensed or produced content asset is expected to be amortized within
four years after its month of first availability. The Company reviews factors impacting the amortization of the content assets on a regular basis. The Company's
estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment.
In the normal course of business, the Company, or a third-party producing content on the Company's behalf, may qualify for tax incentives through
eligible spend on productions. The accounting for tax incentives is dependent on the particular type of incentive, including the nature of the benefit and the
location the incentive is earned. In general, tax incentives are realized as cash receipts and may be received prior to or after a title launches on the Company’s
service. Any amounts the Company is eligible for through qualified production spend but has not received, are recognized in “Other current assets” or “Other
non-current assets” on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets as receivables. Tax incentives are generally accounted for as a reduction to the cost basis of
the Company’s content assets (presented in “Content assets, net”) and reduce content amortization over the life of the title (as presented in “Cost of revenues”)
on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The Company's business model is subscription based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and
produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed in the aggregate at a group level when an event or change in circumstances
indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. To date, the Company has not identified
any such event or changes in circumstances. If such changes are identified in the future, these aggregated content assets will be stated at the lower of
unamortized cost or fair value. In addition, unamortized costs for assets that have been, or are expected to be, abandoned are written off.
Acquisitions
The Company uses its best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date. In addition, uncertain tax positions, tax-related valuation allowances and pre-acquisition contingencies of an entity acquired in a business
combination are recorded as of the acquisition date.
45