Table of Contents
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the
estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally up to 30 years, or the expected lease term for leasehold improvements, if applicable.
Trade Receivables
Trade receivables primarily consist of membership and advertising fees due to the Company. The Company evaluates the need for an allowance for credit
losses based on historical collection trends, the financial condition of its payment partners, and external market factors.
Revenue Recognition
The Company's primary source of revenues is from monthly membership fees. Members are billed in advance of the start of their monthly membership
and revenues are recognized ratably over each monthly membership period. Revenues are presented net of the taxes that are collected from members and
remitted to governmental authorities. The Company is the principal in all its relationships where partners, including consumer electronics (“CE”)
manufacturers, multichannel video programming distributors (“MVPDs”), mobile operators and internet service providers (“ISPs”), provide access to the
service as the Company retains control over service delivery to its members. In circumstances in which the price that the member pays is established by a
partner and there is no standalone price for the Netflix service (for instance, in a bundle), the net amount collected from the partner is recognized as revenue.
The Company also earns revenue from advertisements presented on its streaming service, consumer products, live experiences and various other sources.
Revenues earned from sources other than monthly membership fees were not a material component of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024,
and 2023. See Note 2 Revenue Recognition to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding revenues.
Sales and Marketing
Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of expenses for promotional activities such as digital and television advertising, and certain payments
made to marketing and advertising sales partners. Our marketing partners include CE manufacturers, MVPDs, mobile operators, and ISPs. Our advertising
sales partners include advertising technology providers and advertising agencies. Sales and marketing expenses also include payroll, stock-based compensation,
facilities, and other related expenses for personnel that support advertising sales and marketing activities. Marketing expenses are expensed as incurred.
Advertising expenses were $2,001 million, $1,779 million and $1,732 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
Income Taxes
The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability
method. Deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases as well as net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The effect on
deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The measurement of deferred
tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a valuation allowance for any tax benefits for which future realization is uncertain. The Company accounts for the tax
effects of global intangible low tax income as a current period expense.
The Company does not recognize certain tax benefits from uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes. The Company may recognize a
tax benefit only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the
position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50%
likelihood of being realized upon settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. See Note
11 Income Taxes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.
Foreign Currency
The functional currency for the Company's subsidiaries is determined based on the primary economic environment in which the subsidiary operates. The
Company translates the assets and liabilities of its non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at the end of
each period. Revenues and expenses for these subsidiaries are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Gains and losses from
these translations are recognized in cumulative translation adjustment included in “Accumulated other comprehensive income” in Stockholders’ equity on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The Company remeasures monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency at exchange rates in effect at the end of each
period. Gains and losses from these remeasurements are recognized in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Foreign exchange losses were $123 million, $18 million, and $293 million for the years ended
46