Table of Contents
December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. These losses were primarily due to the non-cash remeasurement of our Senior Notes denominated in Euro
and the remeasurement of cash and content liability positions denominated in currencies other than functional currencies. Foreign exchange losses for the years
ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were net of hedging impacts. No hedging gains or losses were recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations in the year ended December 31, 2023. See Note 8 Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities for further information.
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
The Company uses derivative and non-derivative instruments to manage foreign exchange risk related to its ongoing business operations with the primary
objective of reducing earnings and cash flow volatility associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
The Company recognizes derivative instruments at fair value as either assets (presented in “Other current assets” and “Other non-current assets”) or
liabilities (presented in “Accrued expenses and other liabilities” and “Other non-current liabilities”) on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The
Company classifies derivative instruments in the Level 2 category within the fair value hierarchy.
Cash flow hedges
The Company enters into forward contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk on forecasted revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than
the U.S. dollar, as well as the foreign exchange risk on forecasted transactions and firm commitments related to the licensing and production of foreign
currency-denominated content assets. These forward contracts are designated as cash flow hedges of foreign currency firm commitments and forecasted
transactions and generally have maturities of 36 months or less. The hedging contracts may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency
exchange movements, and the Company may choose not to hedge certain exposures.
The gain or loss on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges of forecasted foreign currency revenue is initially reported as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) and reclassified into “Revenues” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period the
forecasted transaction affects earnings. The gain or loss on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges of firmly committed or forecasted
transactions related to the licensing and production of content assets is initially reported as a component of AOCI and reclassified into “Cost of Revenues” on
the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the same period the hedged transaction affects earnings, which occurs as the underlying hedged content assets are
amortized. Cash flows from hedging activities are classified in the same category as the cash flows for the underlying item being hedged within “Net cash
provided by operating activities” on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
In the event that the likelihood of occurrence of the underlying forecasted transactions is determined to be probable not to occur, the gains or losses on the
related cash flow hedges are reclassified from AOCI to “Interest and other income (expense)” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period of
dedesignation.
Fair value hedges
The Company designates forward contracts as fair value hedges to manage the foreign exchange risk on its foreign-currency denominated debt. These
hedges may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange movements, and the Company may choose not to hedge the full
amount of its exposure. The gain or loss on derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness is
recognized in “Interest and other income (expense),” net with the offsetting foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses on the hedged items. The
Company excludes forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognizes the initial value of the excluded component over the life of the
hedging instrument in “Interest and other income (expense)” on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The difference between changes in fair value of the
excluded component and the amount recognized in earnings is recognized as a component in AOCI. Cash flows from hedging activities are classified in the
same category as the cash flows for the underlying item being hedged within “Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities” on the Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows.
Net investment hedges
The Company designates a portion of its foreign currency-denominated debt as net investment hedges to manage the foreign exchange risk on its
investment in certain foreign subsidiaries. These hedges may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange movements, and the
Company may choose not to hedge certain exposures. The gains or losses on these non-derivative instruments are reported as a component of AOCI as part of
the cumulative translation adjustment on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The accumulated gains and losses remain in AOCI until the hedged net
investment is sold or liquidated, at which point the amounts recognized in AOCI are reclassified into earnings.
Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments
The Company enters into forward contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk on intercompany transactions and monetary assets and liabilities that are
not denominated in the functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries. These derivative instruments are not designated as hedging instruments and
may reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange movements. The gains or losses on derivative instruments not designated as
hedging instruments are recorded in “Interest and other income (expense)” in the
47