Table of Contents
The borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company’s option, of either (i) a floating rate per annum equal to a base rate
(the “Alternate Base Rate”) plus an applicable margin or (ii) a per annum rate equal to an adjusted term SOFR rate (the “Adjusted Term SOFR Rate”) plus an
applicable margin. The applicable margin for Alternate Base Rate loans will range from 0.00% to 0.25%, and the applicable margin for Adjusted Term SOFR
Rate loans will range from 0.75% to 1.25%, each based on the Company’s credit ratings.
The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants and negative covenants (and customary baskets and exceptions with respect
thereto) for a credit facility of this size and type and requires the Company to maintain a minimum ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest
expense of 3.0 to 1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all
related covenants and ratios.
Commercial Paper Program
In May 2025, the Company established a $3 billion commercial paper program (the “Commercial Paper Program”) under which it may issue short-term
unsecured commercial paper notes. Net proceeds from this program may be used for general corporate purposes. There were no borrowings outstanding under
the Commercial Paper Program as of December 31, 2025.
WBD Financing
On December 4, 2025, the Company entered into a bridge commitment letter pursuant to which the commitment parties agreed to provide, subject to the
satisfaction of customary closing conditions, a $59 billion senior unsecured bridge term loan facility to finance the purchase price for the WBD transaction, to
pay fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the WBD transaction and, at the Company’s option, to refinance certain indebtedness (the “Bridge
Facility Commitments”). As of December 31, 2025, no amounts have been utilized under the Bridge Facility Commitments and the Bridge Facility
Commitments have been reduced on a dollar-for-dollar basis by the amounts of the Transactions Revolving Credit Agreement and the DDTL Credit Agreement
described below to $34 billion.
On December 19, 2025, the Company entered into a $5 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Transactions Revolving Credit
Agreement”). Borrowings under the Transactions Revolving Credit Agreement may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and to finance
the purchase price for the WBD transaction, to pay fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the WBD transaction and, at the Company’s option, to
refinance certain indebtedness. Revolving loans under the Transactions Revolving Credit Agreement may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until the date
that is the earliest of (i) the date that is the third anniversary of the date of the consummation of the WBD transaction, (ii) the date the Amended and Restated
Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms and (iii) December 19, 2030, at which time all amounts borrowed must be repaid. Borrowings
under the Transactions Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company’s option, at either (i) the Alternate Base Rate plus an applicable margin or
(ii) a per annum rate equal to a term SOFR rate (the “Term SOFR Rate”) plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin for Alternate Base Rate loans will
range from 0% to 0.10%, and the applicable margin for Term SOFR Rate loans will range from 0.60% to 1.10%, each based on the Company’s credit ratings.
The Transactions Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants and negative covenants (and customary baskets and exceptions with
respect thereto) for a credit facility of this size and type. The Transactions Revolving Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain a minimum ratio of
consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense of 3.0 to 1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. As of December 31, 2025, the Company was in
compliance with all related covenants and ratios and no amounts have been borrowed under the Transactions Revolving Credit Agreement.
On December 19, 2025, the Company entered into a senior unsecured delayed draw credit facility (the “DDTL Credit Agreement”). The DDTL Credit
Agreement provides for a two-year $10 billion unsecured delayed draw term loan credit facility (the “2Y DDTL Facility”) and a three-year $10 billion
unsecured delayed draw term loan credit facility (the “3Y DDTL Facility”). Borrowings under each of the 2Y DDTL Facility and the 3Y DDTL Facility may be
used to finance the purchase price for the WBD transaction, to pay fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the WBD transaction and, at the
Company’s option, to refinance certain indebtedness. Delayed draw term loans under the DDTL Credit Agreement will bear interest, at the Company’s option,
at either (i) the Alternate Base Rate plus an applicable margin or (ii) the Term SOFR Rate plus an applicable margin. For the 2Y DDTL Facility, the applicable
margin for Alternate Base Rate loans will range from 0% to 0.125%, and the applicable margin for Term SOFR Rate loans will range from 0.850% to 1.125%,
each based on the Company’s credit ratings. For the 3Y DDTL Facility, the applicable margin for Alternate Base Rate loans will range from 0% to 0.25%, and
the applicable margin for Term SOFR Rate loans will range from 0.95% to 1.25%, each based on the Company’s credit ratings. The DDTL Credit Agreement
contains customary affirmative covenants and negative covenants (and customary baskets and exceptions with respect thereto) for a credit facility of this size
and type. The DDTL Credit Agreement requires the Company to maintain a minimum ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense of 3.0 to
1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. As of December 31, 2025, the Company was in compliance with all related covenants and ratios and no amounts
have been borrowed under the DDTL Credit Agreement.
See Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies and Note 14 Subsequent Event for further information on the financing arrangements the Company has
entered into in connection with the WBD transaction.
55