Table of Contents
Acquisitions
On December 4, 2025, the Company entered into a definitive agreement and plan of merger with WBD to acquire WBD's streaming and studios
businesses, including its film and television studios, HBO Max and HBO, which was then amended by the parties thereto on January 19, 2026, by the Amended
and Restated Merger Agreement. Under the terms of the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement, each WBD stockholder will receive $27.75 in cash (as may
be adjusted in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement) for each share of WBD common stock outstanding as of
immediately prior to the closing of the WBD transaction, for a total equity value of approximately $72.0 billion and an enterprise value of approximately
$82.7 billion (in each case, as of December 4, 2025). The total equity value and enterprise value of the WBD transaction may fluctuate based on WBD's
capitalization as of the closing of the WBD transaction. The Company expects the WBD transaction to close in 12-18 months from December 4, 2025, subject
to receipt of required regulatory approvals, approval of WBD stockholders, the consummation of the separation and distribution of Discovery Global and other
customary closing conditions. The Amended and Restated Merger Agreement provides that, upon termination of the Amended and Restated Merger Agreement
under specified circumstances, a termination fee of $5.8 billion may be payable by Netflix to WBD. See Note 7 Debt and Note 14 Subsequent Event for further
information on the financing arrangements the Company has entered into in connection with its transaction with WBD.
Legal Proceedings
From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is subject to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee
relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of
complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company's view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto
unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been
incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the
Company's operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations.
The Company is involved in litigation matters not listed herein but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at
this time. The Company's view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold.
Non-Income Taxes
The Company is routinely under audit by various tax authorities with regard to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-income tax audits
primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to our revenue in certain jurisdictions. We accrue, as operating expenses, non-income
taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable.
Similar to other U.S. companies doing business in Brazil, the Company is involved in a number of matters with the local tax authorities as they pertain to
non-income tax assessments. There is inherent complexity and uncertainty regarding these matters, and the final outcomes may be materially different from our
expectations. During the year ended December 31, 2025, developments in another taxpayer’s judicial proceedings influenced our evaluation of the Company’s
most significant non-income tax matter in Brazil and we now believe that it is probable that a loss will be incurred. The cumulative loss recognized as an
operating expense in the third quarter of the current year related to non-income tax assessments with the Brazilian tax authorities was approximately
$619 million. We continue to accrue incremental non-income taxes that the Company believes are probable of being assessed.
Guarantees—Indemnification Obligations
In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of
varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company’s
breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In these circumstances, payment may be conditional on
the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract.
The Company’s obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse
against third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that
will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The
terms of such obligations vary.
It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the
conditional nature of the Company’s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in
the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to these indemnification guarantees.
60