EXHIBIT 4.14
DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
The following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of the securities of Netflix, Inc. (the “Company”) that are registered under
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This description also summarizes relevant provisions of Delaware law. The following
summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable provisions of Delaware law and our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (the “Charter”) and our amended and restated bylaws (the “Bylaws”), copies of which are
incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.14 is a part. We encourage you to read our Charter, our
Bylaws and the applicable provisions of Delaware law for additional information.
Our Charter authorizes us to issue up to 49,900,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.001 per share, in one or more series.
Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders. Subject to the preferences that
may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, common stockholders are entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared
from time to time by our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the
common stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of any shares of
preferred stock then outstanding. Common stockholders have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or
sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. The common stock currently outstanding is fully paid and nonassessable.
The transfer agent and registrar for the common stock is Computershare Trust Company.
Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the trading symbol “NFLX.”
Our board of directors is authorized, without any action by the stockholders, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, to designate and issue
preferred stock in one or more series and to designate the powers, preferences and rights of each series, which may be greater than the rights of the common
stock. It is not possible to state the actual effect of the issuance of any shares of preferred stock upon the rights of holders of the common stock until our board
of directors determines the specific rights of the holders of such preferred stock. However, the effects might include, among other things:
● impairing the dividend rights of the common stock;
● diluting the voting power of the common stock;
● impairing the liquidation rights of the common stock; and
● delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control.
Anti-Takeover Provisions
Certain provisions of Delaware law and our Charter and Bylaws could make the following more difficult:
● our acquisition by means of a tender offer;
● acquisition of control by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; and