● removal of our incumbent officers and directors.
These provisions, summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids, and are
designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to negotiate with the board of directors. The Company believes that the benefits of
increased protection against an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure the Company outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging such
proposals. Among other things, negotiation of such proposals could result in an improvement of their terms.
Delaware Anti-Takeover Law. Delaware corporations may elect not to be governed by Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (the
“DGCL”), i.e., Delaware’s anti-takeover law. The Company has not made this election. Delaware’s anti-takeover law provides that an “interested stockholder,”
defined as a person who owns 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation or a person who is an associate or affiliate of the corporation and,
within the preceding three-year period, owned 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock, may not engage in specified business combinations with the
corporation for a period of three years after the date on which the person became an interested stockholder. The law defines the term “business combination” to
encompass a wide variety of transactions with or caused by an interested stockholder, including mergers, asset sales and transactions in which the interested
stockholder receives or could receive a benefit on other than a pro rata basis with other shareholders. With the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, we may amend
our Charter in the future to no longer be governed by the anti-takeover law. This amendment would have the effect of allowing any person who owns at least
15% of our outstanding voting stock to pursue a takeover transaction that was not approved by our board of directors. However, because the Company has not
elected to opt-out of this provision, for transactions not approved in advance by our board of directors, the provision might discourage takeover attempts that
might result in a premium over the market price for shares of our common stock.
Limitations of Director Liability and Indemnification. Our Charter provides that directors shall not be personally liable to the corporation or to its
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not
permitted under the DGCL. Delaware law currently provides that this waiver may not apply to liability:
● for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders;
● for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;
● under Section 174 of the DGCL (governing distributions to stockholders); or
● for any transaction from which the director derived any improper personal benefit.
In the event the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of
our directors will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended. Our Bylaws further provide that we will indemnify each
of our directors and officers, trustees, fiduciaries, employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law.
Election and Removal of Directors. Directors are elected for a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders. Our Charter
provides that a director can only be removed from the board of directors only by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding
voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote in an election of directors, voting together as a single class, and, as long as the board of directors is
classified, such removal may be only for cause. The board of directors has the exclusive right to increase or decrease the size of the board and to fill vacancies
on the board. These provisions may tend to discourage a third party from