making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of the Company because they generally make it more difficult for stockholders to replace a
majority of the directors.
Stockholder Meetings. Under our Charter, only our chairman of the board, a chief executive officer, president, the board of directors pursuant to a
resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors or the corporate secretary upon the request, in accordance with and subject to our
Bylaws, by stockholders holding an aggregate net long position of not less than 20% of the outstanding shares of common stock continuously for at least one
year may call a special meeting of stockholders.
Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals. Our Bylaws contain advance notice procedures with respect to
stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors or
a committee of the board of directors.
Elimination of Stockholder Action by Written Consent. Our Charter eliminates the right of stockholders to act by written consent without a meeting.
This provision will make it more difficult for stockholders to take action opposed by the board of directors.
No Cumulative Voting. Our Charter does not provide for cumulative voting in the election of directors, which, under Delaware law, precludes
stockholders from cumulating their votes in the election of directors, frustrating the ability of minority stockholders to obtain representation on the board of
directors.
Undesignated Preferred Stock. The authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for the board of directors, without stockholder
approval, to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to obtain control of the Company.
These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in the control or management of the Company.
Amendment of Certain Provisions in the Bylaws. Our Bylaws require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding
voting power of our stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting as a single class, to amend any provision of our Bylaws concerning:
● number of directors;
● election and qualification of directors;
● resignation of directors and filling of vacancies on the board of directors;
● removal of directors;
● indemnification of the directors, officers, employees and agents of the Company; and
● amendments to our Bylaws.