EXHIBIT 10.2
NETFLIX, INC.
2011 STOCK PLAN
1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Plan are:
● to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility,
● to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants, and
● to promote the success of the Company’s business.
The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock and
Restricted Stock Units.
2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions will apply:
(a) “Administrator” means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the
Plan.
(b) “Applicable Laws” means the requirements relating to the administration of equity-based awards under U.S. state corporate laws,
U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable
laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan.
(c) “Award” means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock or
Restricted Stock Units.
(d) “Award Agreement” means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award
granted under the Plan. Each Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
(e) “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
(f) “Change in Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events:
(i) A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting
as a group (“Person”), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than 50% of the total
voting power of the stock of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (i), the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person,
who is considered to own more than 50% of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control; or
(ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is
replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to
the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this clause (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of
additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or
(iii) A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company’s assets which occurs on the date that any Person
acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the
Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 50% of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company