EXHIBIT 10.2
immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company’s stockholders
immediately after the transfer will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company’s assets. For purposes of this subsection
(iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any
liabilities associated with such assets.
For purposes of this Section 2(f), persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters
into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company.
(g) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code herein will be a reference to
any successor or amended section of the Code.
(h) “Committee” means a committee of Directors or Officers or other Employees appointed by the Board in accordance with Section 4
hereof. Each Committee must satisfy Applicable Laws.
(i) “Common Stock” means the common stock of the Company.
(j) “Company” means Netflix, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto.
(k) “Consultant” means any person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render services to such
entity.
(l) “Determination Date” means the latest possible date that will not jeopardize the qualification of an Award granted under the Plan as
“performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code.
(m) “Director” means a member of the Board.
(n) “Disability” means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, provided that in the case of Awards
other than Incentive Stock Options, the Administrator in its discretion may determine whether a permanent and total disability exists in accordance with
uniform and non-discriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time.
(o) “Earnings Per Share” means the Company’s after-tax Profit, divided by a weighted average number of common shares outstanding
and dilutive common equivalent shares deemed outstanding
(p) “Employee” means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the
Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director’s fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute “employment” by the Company.
(q) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
(r) “Exchange Program” means a program under which (i) outstanding Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for Awards of
the same type (which may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), Awards of a different type, and/or cash, and/or (ii) the exercise price of an
outstanding Award is reduced. Notwithstanding the preceding, the term Exchange Program does not include any action described in Section 12 or Section 13.
(s) “Fair Market Value” means, as of any date, the last quoted per share selling price for Shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on
the relevant date, or if there were no sales on such date, the arithmetic mean of the highest and lowest quoted selling prices on the nearest day before and the
nearest day after the relevant date, as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the preceding, for federal, state, and local
-2-