EXHIBIT 10.2
income tax reporting purposes, fair market value shall be determined by the Administrator (or its delegate) in accordance with uniform and nondiscriminatory
standards adopted by it from time to time.
(t) “Fiscal Year” means the fiscal year of the Company.
(u) “Incentive Stock Option” means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the
Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
(v) “Nonstatutory Stock Option” means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock
Option.
(w) “Officer” means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.
(x) “Option” means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.
(y) “Option Agreement” means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Option
granted under the Plan. Each Option Agreement is subject to the terms of the Plan.
(z) “Parent” means a “parent corporation,” whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.
(aa) “Participant” means the holder of an outstanding Award.
(bb) “Performance Goals” means the goal(s) (or combined goal(s)) determined by the Administrator in its discretion to be applicable to a
Participant for a Performance Period. As determined by the Administrator, the Performance Goals applicable to each Participant shall provide for a targeted
level or levels of achievement using one or more of the following measures: (a) Earnings Per Share, (b) Profit, (c) Return on Equity, (d) Revenue,
(e) Subscriber Metrics, and (f) Total Shareholder Return. Any criteria used may be measured, as applicable, (i) in absolute terms, (ii) in relative terms
(including, but not limited, the passage of time and/or against other companies or financial metrics), (iii) on a per share and/or share per capita basis,
(iv) against the performance of the Company as a whole or against particular segments or products of the Company and/or (v) on a pre-tax or after-tax basis.
Prior to the Determination Date, the Administrator shall determine whether any element(s) (for example, but not by way of limitation, the effect of mergers or
acquisitions) shall be included in or excluded from the calculation of any Performance Goal with respect to any Participants (whether or not such
determinations result in any Performance Goal being measured on a basis other than generally accepted accounting principles).
(cc) “Performance Period” means the time period during which the performance objectives or continued status as an Employee, Director or
Consultant must be met.
(dd) “Period of Restriction” means the period during which the transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and
therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, as provided in Section 7. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, (i) a Period of
Restriction that expires solely as the result of continued employment or service shall expire in full no earlier than the three (3) year anniversary of the Grant
date, and (ii) a Period of Restriction that does not expire solely as the result of continued employment or service shall expire in full no earlier than the one (1)
year anniversary of the Grant date, unless determined otherwise by the Administrator at its discretion solely by reason of death, Disability, retirement or major
capital change.
(ee) “Plan” means this 2011 Stock Plan.
(ff) “Profit” means income.
(gg) “Restricted Stock” means Shares issued pursuant to an Award of Restricted Stock under Section 7 of the Plan.
-3-