EXHIBIT 10.2
(hh) “Restricted Stock Unit” or “RSU” means a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share,
granted pursuant to Section 8. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company.
(ii) “Return on Equity” means the percentage equal to the Company’s after-tax Profit divided by average stockholder’s equity.
(jj) “Revenue” means the Company’s net revenues generated from third parties.
(kk) “Rule 16b-3” means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised
with respect to the Plan.
(ll) “Section 16(b)” means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.
(mm) “Service Provider” means an Employee, Director or Consultant.
(nn) “Share” means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 13 of the Plan.
(oo) “Stock Appreciation Right” means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an Option, that pursuant to Section 9 is designated as
a Stock Appreciation Right.
(pp) “Subscriber Metrics” means the objective and measurable goals approved by the Administrator that relate to the acquisition, retention
and/or satisfaction of subscribers.
(qq) “Subsidiary” means a “subsidiary corporation”, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.
(rr) “Tax Obligations” means tax and social insurance liability obligations and requirements in connection with the Awards, including,
without limitation, (a) all federal, state, and local taxes (including the Participant’s FICA obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company or the
employing Subsidiary, (b) the Participant’s and, to the extent required by the Company (or the employing Subsidiary), the Company’s (or the employing
Subsidiary’s) fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or sale of Shares, and (c) any other Company (or employing Subsidiary) taxes
the responsibility for which the Participant has agreed to bear with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder).
(ss) “Total Shareholder Return” means the total return (change in share price plus reinvestment of any dividends) of a Share.
3. Stock Subject to the Plan.
(a) Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 13 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be
issued under the Plan, as adjusted pursuant to Section 13 of the Plan to reflect the 10-for-1 stock split of the Common Stock in 2025, is 57 million Shares. The
Shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. Any Shares subject to an Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units will be
counted against the numerical limits of this Section 3 as 1.9 Shares for every one (1) Share subject to the Award. If Shares acquired pursuant to an Award of
Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units are forfeited to the Company or repurchased by the Company and otherwise would return to the Plan pursuant to
Section 3(c), 1.9 times the number of Shares so forfeited or repurchased will return to the Plan and again will become available for issuance.
(b) Lapsed Awards. If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or, with respect to Restricted
Stock or Restricted Stock Units, is forfeited to the Company or repurchased by the Company, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options and
Stock Appreciation
-4-