EXHIBIT 10.2
Rights, the forfeited or repurchased Shares) that were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has
terminated). Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right settled in Shares, the gross number of Shares covered by the portion of the Award so exercised will
cease to be available under the Plan. Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and will not become
available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if unvested Shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units are repurchased by the
Company or are forfeited to the Company, such Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise or purchase price
of an Award and/or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award will not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the
extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under the
Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3(b), subject to adjustment provided in Section 13, the maximum number of Shares that may be
issued upon the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will equal the aggregate Share number stated in Section 3(a), plus, to the extent allowable under
Section 422 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, any Shares that become available for issuance under the Plan under this
Section 3(b).
(c) Share Reserve. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will
be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.
4. Administration of the Plan.
(a) Procedure.
(i) Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service Providers may administer the
Plan.
(ii) Section 162(m). To the extent that the Administrator determines it to be desirable to qualify Awards granted hereunder as
“performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Plan will be administered by a Committee of two (2) or more
“outside directors” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.
(iii) Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions
contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.
(iv) Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (A) the Board or (B) one or more
Committees, each of which committee will be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws.
(b) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties
delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion:
(i) to determine the Fair Market Value;
(ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder;
(iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;
(iv) to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan;
(v) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such
terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance
criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto, based
in each case on such factors as the Administrator will determine;
-5-