EXHIBIT 10.2
(vi) to determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program (provided that no Exchange Program shall be implemented
unless the approval of the stockholders of the Company is obtained for such Exchange Program);
(vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan;
(viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including (but not limited to) rules and
regulations for automatic grants of Awards pursuant to such procedures as the Committee may establish from time to time, and rules and regulations relating to
sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable foreign laws;
(ix) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 18 of the Plan), including but not limited to the discretionary authority
to extend the post-termination exercisability period of Awards and to extend the maximum term of an Option (subject to Section 6(b) of the Plan regarding
Incentive Stock Options);
(x) to allow Participants to satisfy Tax Obligations in such manner as prescribed in Section 14 of the Plan;
(xi) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award
previously granted by the Administrator;
(xii) to allow a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that would otherwise be due to
such Participant under an Award; and
(xiii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan.
(c) Effect of Administrator’s Decision. The Administrator’s decisions, determinations and interpretations will be final and binding on all
Participants and any other holders of Awards.
(d) No Liability. Under no circumstances shall the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary, the Administrator, or the Board incur liability for
any indirect, incidental, consequential or special damages (including lost profits) of any form incurred by any person, whether or not foreseeable and regardless
of the form of the act in which such a claim may be brought, with respect to the Plan or the Company’s, any Parent’s or Subsidiary’s, the Administrator’s or the
Board’s roles in connection with the Plan.
5. Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units may be granted to Service
Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees.
6. Stock Options.
(a) Limitations. Each Option will be designated in the applicable Option Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory
Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive
Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary)
exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), such Options will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 6(a), Incentive
Stock Options will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the time the
Option with respect to such Shares is granted. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine the number of Shares subject to each Option, provided
that during any Fiscal Year, no Participant shall be granted Options (and/or SARs) covering more than 15,000,000 Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
during the Fiscal Year in which a Participant first becomes an Employee, he or she may be granted Options (and/or SARs) to purchase up to a total of
-6-