EXHIBIT 10.2
an additional 15,000,000 Shares. The Administrator may grant Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock Options, or a combination thereof.
(b) Term of Option. The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the term
will be ten (10) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Option Agreement. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock
Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option will be five (5) years from
the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement.
(c) Option Exercise Price and Consideration.
(i) The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option will be determined by the
Administrator, but will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. In addition, in the case of an
Incentive Stock Option granted to an Employee who owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the
Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on
the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(c)(i), Options may be granted with a per Share exercise price of less than one
hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with, Code
Section 424(a).
(ii) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the
Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised.
(iii) Form of Consideration. The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option,
including the method of payment, which will be specified in the Option Agreement. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator will determine
the acceptable form of consideration at the time of grant. Such consideration may consist entirely of: (1) cash; (2) check; (3) other Shares, provided that such
Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option will be exercised and
provided further that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole
discretion; (4) consideration received by the Company under a broker-assisted (or other) cashless exercise program (whether through a broker or otherwise)
implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; (5) by net exercise; (6) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares
to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws; or (7) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.
(d) Exercise of Option.
(i) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms
of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Option Agreement. An Option may not be
exercised for a fraction of a Share.
An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (1) notice of exercise (in such form as the Administrator may
specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (2) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised
(together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator and
permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the
Participant, in the name of the Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the
Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with
respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option.
-7-