EXHIBIT 10.2
(b) Restricted Stock Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period
of Restriction, the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. For purposes of
qualifying grants of Restricted Stock as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator, in its discretion, may set
restrictions based upon the achievement of Performance Goals. The Performance Goals shall be set by the Administrator on or before the Determination Date.
In granting Restricted Stock that is intended to qualify under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator shall follow any procedures determined by it from
time to time to be necessary or appropriate to ensure qualification of the Restricted Stock under Section 162(m) of the Code (e.g., in determining the
Performance Goals). Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of Restricted Stock until the restrictions on
such Shares have lapsed.
(c) Transferability. Except as provided in this Section 7, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or
otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction.
(d) Other Restrictions. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as it
may deem advisable or appropriate.
(e) Removal of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted
Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the Period of Restriction or at such other time as the
Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed.
(f) Voting Rights. During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may
exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise.
(g) Dividends and Other Distributions. During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock will be
entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise. If any such dividends or
distributions are paid in Shares, the Shares will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Shares of Restricted Stock with
respect to which they were paid.
(h) Return of Restricted Stock to Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions
have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan.
8. Restricted Stock Units.
(a) Grant. Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. The Administrator
shall have complete discretion in determining the number of Restricted Stock Units granted to each Participant, provided that during any Fiscal Year, no
Participant shall be granted more than a total of 5,000,000 Restricted Stock Units (and/or Shares of Restricted Stock). Notwithstanding the foregoing, during
the Fiscal Year in which a Participant first becomes an Employee, he or she may be granted up to a total of an additional 5,000,000 Restricted Stock Units
(and/or Shares of Restricted Stock). After the Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, it will advise the Participant in
an Award Agreement of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units.
(b) Vesting Criteria and Other Terms. The Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which
the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria
based upon the achievement of Company-wide, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment), or any other basis
determined by the Administrator in its discretion. For purposes of qualifying grants of RSUs as “performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of
the Code, the Administrator, in its discretion, may determine that the performance objectives applicable to RSUs shall be based on the achievement of
-9-