EXHIBIT 10.2
10. Compliance With Code Section 409A. Awards will be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either exempt from the
application of, or comply with, the requirements of Code Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional
tax or interest applicable under Code Section 409A, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. The Plan and each Award
Agreement under the Plan is intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent,
except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the extent that an Award or payment, or the settlement or deferral thereof, is
subject to Code Section 409A the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will meet the requirements of Code Section 409A, such that
the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Code Section 409A, except as otherwise
determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator.
11. Leaves of Absence/Transfer Between Locations. Unless the Administrator provides otherwise, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be
suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Participant will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (a) any leave of absence approved by the
Company or (b) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, or any Subsidiary. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options,
no such leave may exceed three (3) months, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon
expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then six (6) months following the first (1 ) day of such leave, any Incentive
Stock Option held by the Participant will cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and will be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.
12. Transferability of Awards. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated,
transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the
Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the
Administrator deems appropriate. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the Participant may, subject to such terms and conditions as the
Administrator deems advisable, assign or transfer all or part of a vested Nonstatutory Stock Options during a Participant’s lifetime to a (a) Participant’s spouse,
former spouse or dependant pursuant to a court-approved domestic relations order that relates to the provision of child support, alimony payments or marital
property rights, or (b) trust or other similar estate planning entity that is solely for the benefit of the Participant and/or the Participant’s immediate family. In
such case, the transferee shall receive and hold the Option subject to the provisions of this Section 12, and there shall be no further assignation or transfer of the
Option.
13. Adjustments; Dissolution or Liquidation; Merger or Change in Control.
(a) Adjustments. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other
property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of
Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs, the Administrator, in order to
prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will adjust the number and class of Shares
that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, and the numerical Share limits in
Section 3 of the Plan.
(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify each
Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Award will
terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.
(c) Change in Control. In the event of a merger or Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator
determines without a Participant’s consent, including, without limitation, that (i) Awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent Awards will be
substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii)
upon written notice to a Participant, that the Participant’s Awards will terminate immediately prior to the
st
-11-