EXHIBIT 10.3
NETFLIX, INC.
2020 STOCK PLAN
1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this Plan are:
● to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility,
● to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants, and
● to promote the success of the Company's business.
The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted
Stock Units and Dividend Equivalents.
2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions will apply:
(a) "Administrator" means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the
Plan.
(b) "Applicable Laws" means the requirements relating to the administration of equity-based awards under U.S. state corporate laws,
U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable
laws of any non-U.S. country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan.
(c) "Award" means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock,
Restricted Stock Units or Dividend Equivalents.
(d) "Award Agreement" means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award
granted under the Plan. Each Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
(e) "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
(f) "Change in Control" means the occurrence of any of the following events:
(i) Any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) ("Person") becomes the "beneficial
owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total
voting power represented by the Company's then outstanding voting securities; or
(ii) A change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is
replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to
the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this clause (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of
additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in control; or
(iii) There is consummated an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's
assets, other than (A) a sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets to an entity, more than fifty percent (50%) of the
combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders of the Company following the completion of such transaction in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of the Company immediately prior to such sale or (B) a sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the
Company's assets immediately following which the
-1-