individuals who comprise the Board immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the entity to which such assets are sold
or disposed or, if such entity is a Subsidiary, the ultimate Parent thereof; or
(iv) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company, with any other corporation, other than a merger or
consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining
outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its Parent) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented
by the voting securities of the Company, or such surviving entity or its Parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation.
(g) "Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code herein will be a
reference to any successor or amended section of the Code.
(h) "Committee" means a committee of Directors or Officers or other Employees appointed by the Board in accordance with Section 4
hereof. Each Committee must satisfy Applicable Laws.
(i) "Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company.
(j) "Company" means Netflix, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto.
(k) "Consultant" means any person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render services to such
entity.
(l) "Director" means a member of the Board.
(m) "Disability" means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, provided that in the case of Awards
other than Incentive Stock Options, the Administrator in its discretion may determine whether a permanent and total disability exists in accordance with
uniform and non-discriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time.
(n) "Dividend Equivalent" means any right granted under Section 10 of the Plan.
(o) "Earnings Per Share" means the Company's after-tax Profit, divided by a weighted average number of common shares outstanding
and dilutive common equivalent shares deemed outstanding.
(p) "Effective Time" means the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, at 12:01 a.m. Pacific Time on such date.
(q) "Employee" means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the
Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director's fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute "employment" by the Company.
(r) "Exchange Act" means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
(s) "Excise Tax" means the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code.
(t) "Exchange Program" means a program under which (i) outstanding Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for Awards of
the same type (which may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), Awards of a different type, and/or cash, and/or (ii) the exercise price of an
outstanding Award is reduced. Notwithstanding the preceding, the term Exchange Program does not include any action described in Section 13 or Section 14.
-2-