(u) "Fair Market Value" means, as of any date, the last quoted per share selling price for Shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on
the relevant date, or if there were no sales on such date, the arithmetic mean of the highest and lowest quoted selling prices on the nearest day before and the
nearest day after the relevant date, as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the preceding, for U.S. and non-U.S. federal, state, and local income
tax reporting and withholding purposes, fair market value shall be determined by the Administrator (or its delegate) in accordance with uniform and
nondiscriminatory standards adopted by it from time to time consistent with Applicable Laws.
(v) "Fiscal Year" means the fiscal year of the Company.
(w) "Incentive Stock Option" means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the
Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder.
(x) "Misconduct" means that the Company has been required to prepare an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance, as a
result of misconduct, with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws, and the Administrator or its delegate has determined in its sole
discretion that a Participant (i) had knowledge of the material noncompliance or circumstances giving rise to such noncompliance and willfully failed to take
reasonable steps to bring it to the attention of appropriate individuals within the Company; or (ii) knowingly engaged in practices which materially contributed
to the circumstances that enabled such material noncompliance to occur.
The Administrator or its delegate shall determine in its sole discretion whether the Participant has engaged in Misconduct, and its
determination shall be conclusive and binding on all interested persons; provided that no Officer, Director or Employee shall participate in any decision
regarding the determination of Misconduct or forfeiture with respect to his or her own Awards.
(y) "Nonstatutory Stock Option" means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock
Option.
(z) "Officer" means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder.
(aa) "Option" means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.
(bb) "Option Agreement" means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Option
granted under the Plan. Each Option Agreement is subject to the terms of the Plan.
(cc) "Parent" means a "parent corporation," whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.
(dd) "Participant" means the holder of an outstanding Award.
(ee) "Performance-Based Award" means an Award that is earned or becomes vested on account of achievement of one or more Performance
Goals.
(ff) "Performance Goals" means the goal(s) (or combined goal(s)) determined by the Administrator in its discretion to be applicable to a
Participant for a Performance Period. As determined by the Administrator, the Performance Goals applicable to each Participant shall provide for a targeted
level or levels of achievement based on measures including, but not limited to, the following: (a) Earnings Per Share, (b) Profit, (c) Return on Equity, (d)
Revenue, (e) Subscriber Metrics, and (f) Total Shareholder Return. Any criteria used may be measured, as applicable, (i) in absolute terms, (ii) in relative terms
(including, but not limited, the passage of time and/or against other companies or financial metrics), (iii) on a per share and/or share per capita basis, (iv)
against the performance of the Company as a whole or against particular segments or products of the Company and/or (v) on a
-3-