pre-tax or after-tax basis. The Administrator shall determine whether any element(s) (for example, but not by way of limitation, the effect of mergers or
acquisitions) shall be included in or excluded from the calculation of any Performance Goal with respect to any Participants (whether or not such
determinations result in any Performance Goal being measured on a basis other than generally accepted accounting principles).
(gg) "Performance Period" means the time period during which the performance objectives or continued status as an Employee, Director or
Consultant must be met.
(hh) "Period of Restriction" means the period during which the transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and
therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, as provided in Section 7. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, (i) a Period of
Restriction that expires solely as the result of continued employment or service shall expire in full no earlier than the three (3) year anniversary of the grant
date, and (ii) a Period of Restriction that does not expire solely as the result of continued employment or service shall expire in full no earlier than the one (1)
year anniversary of the grant date, unless determined otherwise by the Administrator at its discretion solely by reason of death, Disability, retirement or major
capital change.
(ii) "Plan" means this 2020 Stock Plan.
(jj) "Prior 162(m)" means Section 162(m) of the Code as in effect prior to its amendment by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, P.L. 115-97,
including the regulations and guidance promulgated in respect of Section 162(m) of the Code as in effect prior to such amendment.
(kk) "Prior Award" means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Prior Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock
or Restricted Stock Units.
(ll) "Prior Plan" means the Company's 2011 Stock Plan.
(mm) "Profit" means income.
(nn) "Restricted Stock" means Shares issued pursuant to an Award of Restricted Stock under Section 7 of the Plan.
(oo) "Restricted Stock Unit" or "RSU" means a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share,
granted pursuant to Section 8. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company.
(pp) "Return on Equity" means the percentage equal to the Company's after-tax Profit divided by average stockholder's equity.
(qq) "Revenue" means the Company's net revenues generated from third parties.
(rr) "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised
with respect to the Plan.
(ss) "Section 16(b)" means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.
(tt) "Section 162(m) Grandfathering" means the regulations or other guidance promulgated in respect of transition rules under
Section 162(m) of the Code, as Section 162(m) of the Code is in effect from time to time on or after this adoption of this Plan dated March 4, 2020, extending
the deductibility of each Prior Award intended to be "qualified performance-based compensation" under Prior Section 162(m).
(uu) "Service Provider" means an Employee, Director or Consultant.
-4-