(vv) "Share" means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan.
(ww) "Stock Appreciation Right" or "SAR" means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an Option, that pursuant to Section 9 is
designated as a Stock Appreciation Right.
(xx) "Stockholder Approval Date" means the date of stockholder approval of the Plan in accordance with Section 24 herein.
(yy) "Subscriber Metrics" means the objective and measurable goals approved by the Administrator that relate to the acquisition, retention
and/or satisfaction of subscribers.
(zz) "Subsidiary" means a "subsidiary corporation," whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.
(aaa) "Successor" means, in the event of a Change in Control, the acquiring or succeeding company (or an affiliate thereof).
(bbb) "Tax Obligations" means tax and social insurance liability obligations and requirements in connection with the Awards, including,
without limitation, (a) all U.S. and non-U.S. federal, state, and local taxes (including the Participant's FICA obligation) that are required to be withheld by the
Company or the employing Subsidiary, (b) the Participant's and, to the extent required by the Company (or the employing Subsidiary), the Company's (or the
employing Subsidiary's) fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or sale of Shares, and (c) any other Company (or employing
Subsidiary) taxes the responsibility for which the Participant has agreed to bear with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof or issuance of Shares
thereunder).
(ccc) "Total Shareholder Return" means the total return (change in share price plus reinvestment of any dividends) of a Share.
3. Stock Subject to the Plan.
(a) Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 14 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be
issued under the Plan, as adjusted pursuant to Section 14 of the Plan to reflect the 10-for-1 stock split of the Common Stock in 2025, is equal to the sum of the
following (the "Share Limit"): (A) 175,000,000 Shares, plus (B) the number of Shares available for additional award grant purposes under the Prior Plan as of
the Effective Time, plus (C) the number of Shares subject to Prior Awards that are outstanding as of the Effective Time which expire or become unexercisable
without having been exercised in full after the Effective Time, plus (D) the number of Shares subject to restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards granted
under the Prior Plan that are outstanding and unvested at the Effective Time that are forfeited or repurchased by the Company without having become vested;
provided that in no event shall the Share Limit exceed 417,246,280 Shares (which is the sum of the 175,000,000 Shares set forth above, plus the number of
Shares available under the Prior Plan for additional award grant purposes as of the Effective Time, plus the aggregate number of Shares subject to outstanding
Prior Awards as of the Effective Time). The Shares may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. Any Shares subject to an Award of
Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units will be counted against the numerical limits of this Section 3 as 2.39 Shares for every one (1) Share subject to the
Award. If Shares acquired pursuant to an Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units are forfeited to the Company or repurchased by the Company and
otherwise would return to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(c), 2.39 times the number of Shares so forfeited or repurchased will return to the Plan and again will
become available for issuance.
(b) Lapsed Awards. If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or, with respect to Restricted
Stock or Restricted Stock Units, is forfeited to the Company or repurchased by the Company, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options and
Stock Appreciation Rights, the forfeited or repurchased Shares) that were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. Upon
exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right settled in Shares, the gross number of Shares covered
-5-