by the portion of the Award so exercised will cease to be available under the Plan. Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award will
not be returned to the Plan and will not become available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if unvested Shares of Restricted Stock
or Restricted Stock Units are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company, such Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan.
Shares used to pay the exercise or purchase price of an Award and/or to satisfy the tax withholding obligations related to an Award will not become available
for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not reduce the
number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Shares actually issued pursuant to Awards transferred under any Exchange Program to reprice options
or stock appreciation rights will not become available for grant under the 2020 Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3(b), subject to
adjustment provided in Section 14, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will equal the aggregate
Share number stated in Section 3(a), plus, to the extent allowable under Section 422 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, any
Shares that become available for issuance under the Plan under this Section 3(b).
(c) Share Reserve. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will
be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.
(d) Successor to the Prior Plan. The Plan is intended as the successor to the Prior Plan. Following the Stockholder Approval Date, no
additional stock awards may be granted under the Prior Plan. In addition, from and after 12:01 a.m. Pacific Time on the Stockholder Approval Date, all
outstanding stock awards granted under the Prior Plan will remain subject to the terms of the Prior Plan; provided, however, that any Shares subject to Prior
Awards that are outstanding as of the Effective Time which expire or become unexercisable without having been exercised in full after the Effective Time and
any Shares subject to restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards granted under the Prior Plan that are outstanding and unvested as of the Effective Time
that are forfeited or repurchased by the Company without having become vested will become available for issuance for Awards under the Plan (as further
described in Section 3(a) herein). All Awards granted on or after 12:01 a.m. Pacific Time on the Stockholder Approval Date will be subject to the terms of the
Plan.
4. Administration of the Plan.
(a) Procedure.
(i) Multiple Administrative Bodies. Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service Providers may administer
the Plan.
(ii) Rule 16b-3. To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions
contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.
(iii) Other Administration. Other than as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (A) the Board or (B) one or more
Committees, each of which committee will be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws.
(iv) Prior Section 162(m). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no provision of this Plan is intended to result in
non-deductibility of Prior Awards that were intended to be deductible in accordance with Prior Section 162(m), and any Prior Awards granted under the Prior
Plan and that are outstanding as of the date the adoption of the Plan shall remain subject to the Prior Plan to the extent necessary to comply with
Section 162(m) of the Code. The Company intends to avail itself of transition relief applicable to such Prior Awards, if any, in connection with Section 162(m)
of the Code (including, without limitation, in accordance with the Section 162(m) Grandfathering) to the maximum extent permitted by regulations and other
guidance promulgated to implement such transition relief. The determination by the Company regarding whether transition relief is available shall be made in
its sole discretion.
-6-