which such a claim may be brought, with respect to the Plan or the Company's, any Parent's or Subsidiary's, the Administrator's or the Board's roles in
connection with the Plan.
5. Eligibility. Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Dividend Equivalents may
be granted to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees.
6. Stock Options.
(a) Limitations. Each Option will be designated in the applicable Option Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a
Nonstatutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which
Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or
Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000), such Options will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 6(a),
Incentive Stock Options will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the
time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine the number of Shares subject to each Option,
provided that during any Fiscal Year, no Participant shall be granted Options (and/or SARs) covering more than 50,000,000 Shares. The Administrator may
grant Incentive Stock Options, Nonqualified Stock Options, or a combination thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, Options may be granted pursuant to a
Company compensation program or arrangement whereby Service Providers elect to receive Options in lieu of any or all cash compensation, unless provided
otherwise by the Administrator.
(b) Term of Option. The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the term
will be ten (10) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Option Agreement. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock
Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option will be five (5) years from
the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement.
(c) Option Exercise Price and Consideration.
(i) The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option will be determined by the
Administrator, but will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. In addition, in the case of an
Incentive Stock Option granted to an Employee who owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the
Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on
the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(c)(i), Options may be granted with a per Share exercise price of less than one
hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with,
Section 424(a) of the Code.
(ii) Waiting Period and Exercise Dates. At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the
Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised.
(iii) Form of Consideration. The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option,
including the method of payment, which will be specified in the Option Agreement. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator will determine
the acceptable form of consideration at the time of grant. Such consideration may consist entirely of: (1) cash; (2) check; (3) other Shares, provided that such
Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option will be exercised and
provided further that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole
discretion; (4)
-8-