consideration received by the Company under a broker assisted (or other) cashless exercise program (whether through a broker or otherwise) implemented by
the Company in connection with the Plan; (5) by net exercise; (6) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent
permitted by Applicable Laws; or (7) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment.
(d) Exercise of Option.
(i) Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder. Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms
of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Option Agreement. An Option may not be
exercised for a fraction of a Share.
An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (1) notice of exercise (in such form as the Administrator may
specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (2) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised
(together with applicable withholding taxes). Full payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator and
permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the
Participant, in the name of the Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the
Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with
respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly
after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued.
Subject to Section 3(b), exercising an Option will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan
and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.
(ii) Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the
Participant's termination as the result of the Participant's death or Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is
specified in the Option Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such
Option as set forth in the Option Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Option Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for three (3)
months following the Participant's termination.
Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination, the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire
Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option
within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.
(iii) Disability of Participant. If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participant's Disability, the
Participant may exercise his or her Option within such period of time as is specified in the Option Agreement to the extent the Option is vested on the date of
termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the
Option Agreement, the Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the Participant ceasing to be a Service Provider as a result of the
Participant's Disability. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination, the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option,
the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within
the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.
(iv) Death of Participant. If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option may be exercised following the Participant's
death within such period of time as is specified in the Option Agreement to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of death (but in no event later than
the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement), by the Participant's designated beneficiary, provided such
-9-