beneficiary has been designated prior to Participant's death in a form acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the
Participant, then such Option may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participant's estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option is transferred
pursuant to the Participant's will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Option agreement, the
Option will remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following Participant's death. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if at the time of death
Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will immediately revert to the Plan. If the
Option is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan.
7. Restricted Stock.
(a) Grant of Restricted Stock. Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may
grant Shares of Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. The Administrator, in its sole
discretion, shall determine the number of Shares to be granted to each Participant, provided that during any Fiscal Year, no Participant shall receive more than
50,000,000 Shares of Restricted Stock (and/or Restricted Stock Units).
(b) Restricted Stock Agreement. Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period
of Restriction, the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless the
Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of Restricted Stock until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed.
(c) Transferability. Except as provided in this Section 7, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or
otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction.
(d) Other Restrictions. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as it
may deem advisable or appropriate.
(e) Removal of Restrictions. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted
Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the Period of Restriction or at such other time as the
Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed.
(f) Voting Rights. During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may
exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise.
(g) Dividends, Dividend Equivalents and Other Distributions. During the Period of Restriction, Participants holding Shares of
Restricted Stock will be entitled to receive all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to such Shares, unless the Administrator provides otherwise.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such rights to dividend, Dividend Equivalent, or other distribution payments are subject to the limitations described in
Section 10.
(h) Return of Restricted Stock to Company. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions
have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan.
8. Restricted Stock Units.
(a) Grant. Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. The
Administrator shall have complete discretion in determining the number of Restricted Stock Units granted to each Participant, provided that during any Fiscal
Year, no Participant shall be
-10-