granted more than a total of 50,000,000 Restricted Stock Units (and/or Shares of Restricted Stock). After the Administrator determines that it will grant
Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, it will advise the Participant in an Award Agreement of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant,
including the number of Restricted Stock Units.
(b) Vesting Criteria and Other Terms. The Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to
which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting
criteria based upon the achievement of Companywide, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment), or any other
basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion. The Administrator, in its discretion, may determine that the performance objectives applicable to
Restricted Stock Units shall be based on the achievement of Performance Goals.
(c) Earning Restricted Stock Units. Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to receive a payout as
determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion,
may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout.
(d) Form and Timing of Payment. Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made as soon as practicable after the date(s)
determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may only settle earned Restricted Stock Units
in cash, Shares, or a combination of both.
(e) Dividends, Dividend Equivalents and Other Distributions. Dividends and other distributions declared during the period of time after
a Restricted Stock Unit Award is granted and prior to such Award meeting the applicable vesting criteria and settling in Shares shall only become payable if
(and to the extent) such Award vests and that the Administrator provides that the Award is accompanied by rights to dividends, Dividend Equivalents or other
distributions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such rights to dividend, Dividend Equivalent, or other distribution payments are subject to the limitations
described in Section 10.
(f) Cancellation. On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited to the Company.
9. Stock Appreciation Rights.
(a) Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to
Service Providers at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Administrator shall have complete
discretion to determine the number of SARs granted to any Participant, provided that during any Fiscal Year, no Participant shall be granted SARs (and/or
Options) covering more than a total of 50,000,000 Shares.
(b) Number of Shares. The Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Stock Appreciation Rights granted
to any Service Provider.
(c) Exercise Price and Other Terms. The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of a Stock Appreciation
Right will be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
Otherwise, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation
Rights granted under the Plan.
(d) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will
specify the exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its
sole discretion, will determine.
-11-