(e) Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights. A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire upon the date determined by
the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 6(b) relating to the maximum term and Section 6(d) relating to exercise also will apply to
Stock Appreciation Rights.
(f) Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount. Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a Participant will be entitled to receive
payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying:
(i) The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times
(ii) The number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised.
At the discretion of the Administrator, the payment upon Stock Appreciation Right exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent
value, or in some combination thereof.
10. Dividend Equivalents. The Administrator is hereby authorized to grant Dividend Equivalents to Service Providers under which the
Participant shall be entitled to receive payments (in cash, Shares, other securities, other Awards or other property as determined in the discretion of the
Administrator) equivalent to the amount of cash dividends paid by the Company to holders of Shares with respect to a number of Shares determined by the
Administrator. Subject to the terms of the Plan and any applicable Award Agreement, such Dividend Equivalents may have such terms and conditions as the
Administrator shall determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing: (i) the Administrator may not grant Dividend Equivalents to Participants in connection with
grants of Options or Stock Appreciation Rights and (ii) dividend and Dividend Equivalent and other distribution amounts with respect to any Share underlying
an Award may be accrued but not paid to a Participant until all conditions or restrictions relating to such Share have been satisfied or lapsed and shall be
forfeited if all of such conditions or restrictions are never satisfied or lapse.
11. Compliance With Section 409A of the Code. The Plan as well as payments and benefits under the Plan are intended to be exempt from, or to
the extent subject thereto, to comply with Section 409A of the Code, and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, the Plan shall be interpreted in
accordance therewith. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax
penalties under Section 409A of the Code, a Participant shall not be considered to have terminated employment or service with the Company, or a Parent or
Subsidiary, for purposes of the Plan and no payment shall be due to the Participant under the Plan or any Award until the Participant would be considered to
have incurred a "separation from service" from the Company, its Parent or any Subsidiary within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Any payments
described in the Plan that are due within the "short term deferral period" as defined in Section 409A of the Code shall not be treated as deferred compensation
unless Applicable Law requires otherwise. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, to the extent that any Awards are payable upon a separation
from service and such payment would result in the imposition of any individual tax and penalty interest charges imposed under Section 409A of the Code, the
settlement and payment of such awards (or other amounts) shall instead be made on the first business day after the date that is six (6) months following such
separation from service (or death, if earlier). Each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided under this Plan shall be construed as a separate identified
payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. The Company makes no representation that any or all of the payments or benefits described in this Plan
will be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A of the Code from applying to any such
payment. The Participant shall be solely responsible for the payment of any taxes and penalties incurred under Section 409A.
12. Leaves of Absence/Transfer Between Locations. Unless the Administrator provides otherwise, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be
suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Participant will not
-12-