cease to be an Employee in the case of (a) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (b) transfers between locations of the Company or between the
Company, its Parent, or any Subsidiary. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed three (3) months, unless reemployment upon
expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so
guaranteed, then six (6) months following the first (1) day of such leave, any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant will cease to be treated as an
Incentive Stock Option and will be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.
13. Transferability of Awards. Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, an Award may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated,
transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the
Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the
Administrator deems appropriate. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the Participant may, subject to such terms and conditions as the
Administrator deems advisable, assign or transfer all or part of a vested Nonstatutory Stock Options during a Participant's lifetime to a (a) Participant's spouse,
former spouse or dependent pursuant to a court-approved domestic relations order that relates to the provision of child support, alimony payments or marital
property rights, or (b) trust or other similar estate planning entity that is solely for the benefit of the Participant and/or the Participant's immediate family. In
such case, the transferee shall receive and hold the Option subject to the provisions of this Section 13, and there shall be no further assignation or transfer of the
Option.
14. Adjustments; Dissolution or Liquidation; Change in Control.
(a) Adjustments. In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other
property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of
Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs, the Administrator, in order to
prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will adjust the number and class of Shares
that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price of Shares covered by each outstanding Award, and the numerical Share limits in
Section 3 of the Plan.
(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify
each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Award will
terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.
(c) Change in Control.
(i) Assumption, Substitution or Continuation of Outstanding Awards. In the event of a Change in Control in which the
Successor proposes to assume, substitute or continue equivalent awards (with such adjustments as may be required or permitted by Section 14(a) of the Plan,
with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices), any substitute equivalent award must (a) have a value at least equal to the value
of the Award being substituted; (b) relate to a publicly-traded equity security of the Successor involved in the Change in Control or another publicly traded
entity that is affiliated with the Successor following the Change in Control; (c) be the same type of award as the Award being substituted; (d) be vested to the
extent the Award being substituted was vested at the time of the Change in Control and (e) have other terms and conditions (including by way of example,
vesting and exercisability) that are the same or more favorable to the Participant than the terms and conditions of the Award being substituted, in each case, as
reasonably determined by the Administrator (as constituted prior to the Change in Control) in good faith. If a Participant's Award is assumed, substituted or
continued by the Successor pursuant to this Section 14(c)(i), then, subject to the remaining provisions of this Section 14(c), such Award will not vest or lapse
solely as a result of the Change in Control but will instead remain outstanding under the terms pursuant to which it has been assumed, substituted, or continued
and will continue to vest or lapse pursuant to such terms.
-13-