that is required to be withheld pursuant to the Tax Obligations for such Participant is approved in advance by the Administrator or the Board (such requirement,
the "Section 16 Officer Condition")), (c) causing the Participant to deliver to the Company already owned Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the
amount required to be withheld pursuant to the Tax Obligations but not to exceed the sum of all statutory maximum rates applicable in the Participant's
jurisdiction(s), subject to the Section 16 Officer Condition, or (d) having the Company withhold from proceeds of the sale of Shares issued pursuant to an
Award either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company, provided that, in all instances, the satisfaction of the Tax
Obligations will not result in any adverse accounting consequence to the Company, as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion. The Fair Market
Value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld.
16. No Effect on Employment or Service. Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing the
Participant's relationship as a Service Provider with the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary, nor will they interfere in any way with the Participant's right or the
right of the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.
17. Date of Grant. The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting
such Award, or such other later (but not earlier) date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination will be provided to each Participant
within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.
18. Term of Plan. Subject to Section 24 of the Plan, the Plan will become effective upon its adoption by the Board. It will continue in effect for a
term of ten (10) years from the date adopted by the Board, unless terminated earlier under Section 19 of the Plan.
19. Amendment and Termination of the Plan.
(a) Amendment and Termination. The Board or its delegate may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.
(b) Stockholder Approval. The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable
to comply with Applicable Laws.
(c) Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan will impair the rights of any
Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant
and the Company. Termination of the Plan will not affect the Administrator's ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards
granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination.
20. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.
(a) Legal Compliance. Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance
and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such
compliance.
(b) Investment Representations. As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award
to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or
distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required.
21. Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority
is deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the
-16-