lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such
requisite authority will not have been obtained.
22. Misconduct. Notwithstanding any other provision or term of this Plan or any Award Agreement, in the event that the Administrator or its
delegate determines in its sole discretion that a Participant has engaged in Misconduct, the Administrator may, in its discretion, determine that the Participant
shall not vest or otherwise earn Performance-Based Awards provided for pursuant to the terms of this Plan and their Award Agreements, and the Participant
shall have no rights or entitlements whatsoever to the Performance-Based Awards thereafter, provided that such Performance-Based Awards were granted to
such Participant, vested, or otherwise earned during the one-year period preceding the date on which the Company disclosed on Form 8-K or in other publicly￾filed disclosure that it is required to restate its financial statements. The Administrator and its delegate expressly reserve all rights and remedies with respect to
treatment of any such Performance-Based Awards, including, without limitation, withholding or rescinding any such Performance-Based Awards or demanding
repayment for any cash proceeds that may have been distributed to a Participant in respect of any such Performance-Based Awards. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no Officer, Director or Employee shall participate in any decision regarding the determination of Misconduct or forfeiture with respect to his or her
own Performance-Based Awards.
23. Choice of Law and Venue. The Plan shall be administered, construed and governed in accordance with the Code, and the laws of the State of
Delaware, but without regard to its conflict of law rules. The Participant agrees to consent to personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts situated within
New Castle County, Delaware for purposes of enforcing this Plan, and waive any objection that the Participant might have to personal jurisdiction or venue in
those courts.
24. Stockholder Approval. The Plan will be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the
Plan is adopted by the Board. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to the degree required under Applicable Laws.
-17-