EXHIBIT 19.1
Insider Trading Policy
In order to take an active role in the prevention of insider trading violations by executive officers, directors, employees and other related individuals of Netflix,
Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries, the Company has adopted this Insider Trading Policy (the “Policy”).
Statement of Intent
The Company opposes the misuse of material nonpublic information in the trading of securities and it is the intent of this Policy to implement procedures
designed to prevent trading based on material nonpublic information regarding the Company, including any of its subsidiaries. The Company also wishes to
discourage certain trading in its securities by its executive officers, directors, employees and other related individuals that may be contrary to the interests of
our shareholders. The term "executive officer" herein shall have the same meaning as the term “officer” as defined under Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).
It is also Company policy to comply with applicable securities laws concerning trading in Company securities on the Company’s behalf.
Definition of Material Nonpublic Information
It is not possible to define all categories of material information. However, information should be regarded as material if there is a substantial likelihood that it
would be considered important to a reasonable investor in making an investment decision regarding transactions of the Company’s securities. Put another way,
there must be a substantial likelihood that the information would be viewed by the reasonable investor as having significantly altered the total mix of
information available in the market concerning the Company. Either positive or negative information may be material.
Questions concerning whether nonpublic information is material can be directed to the Compliance Officer.
Covered Parties
The Policy covers executive officers, directors and all employees of, or consultants or contractors to, the Company or its subsidiaries, as well as their
immediate family members who reside with them, anyone else who lives in their household, and any other individuals who do not live in their household but
whose transactions in Company securities are directed by them or are subject to their influence or control (such as parents or children who consult with them
before trading in Company securities) (“Insiders”). This Policy applies to trades of Company securities in which an Insider has any “beneficial” or other
interest, or over which they exercise investment control.
Covered Transactions
This Policy applies to all transactions in the Company’s securities, including common stock, options for common stock and any other securities the Company
may issue from time to time, such as preferred stock, warrants and convertible debentures, as well as to derivative securities relating to the Company’s
securities, whether or not issued by the Company, such as publicly-traded options. Transactions subject to this Policy include purchases, sales and bona fide
gifts of the Company’s securities (which may include gifts to trusts for estate planning purposes, as well as donations to a charitable organization).
Prohibited Transactions
No Insider shall engage in any transaction involving the Company’s securities, including any offer to purchase or offer to sell, during any period commencing
with the date that the Insider possesses material nonpublic information concerning the Company or its subsidiaries, and ending at the beginning of the trading
day following the date of public disclosure of that information, or at such time as such nonpublic information is no longer material.