otherwise effecting transactions in the Company’s securities, even though the trading window would otherwise be open. If a special black-out period is
imposed, the Company will notify affected individuals, who should thereafter not engage in any transaction involving the Company’s securities and should not
disclose to others the fact of such suspension of trading.
It should be noted that even during the Open Window, any person possessing material nonpublic information should not engage in any transactions in the
Company’s securities until the beginning of the trading day following the date of public disclosure of such information, whether or not the Company has
recommended a suspension of trading to that person.
Pre-Clearance of Trades and Other Transactions
All executive officers and directors of the Company and other persons designated by the Compliance Officer as being subject to pre-clearance requirements
must refrain from trading in or gifting the Company’s securities, even during the Open Window, without first contacting the Company’s Compliance Officer
and obtaining pre-clearance to commence trading in the Company’s securities.
In addition, all executive officers and directors are required to comply with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and related rules and regulations, which set forth
reporting obligations as well as limitations on “short swing” transactions. The Company is available to assist in filing Section 16 reporting; however, the
obligation to comply with Section 16 is personal. Please direct any inquiries concerning compliance to the Compliance Officer. Executive officers and directors
who wish to pledge the Company's stock as collateral after March 4, 2020 must first contact the Company's Compliance Officer to request an exemption and
pre-clearance to enter into the transaction.
Adoption and Effect of 10b5-1 Trading Plans
The Company permits all directors, executive officers and employees to adopt trading plans in accordance with Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act
(“10b5-1 trading plans”). A 10b5-1 trading plan must comply with the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 and may only be adopted or amended in an Open Window
and when the person adopting the plan is not otherwise in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company, its subsidiaries or its securities. All
10b5-1 trading plans must be pre-approved by the Compliance Officer or his delegate. The restrictions on trading set forth in this Policy shall not apply to
trades made pursuant to a 10b5-1 trading plan. More information concerning trading plans is available from the Compliance Officer.
Exemptions from this Policy
The exercise of stock options under the Company’s stock option plan with a cash payment of the exercise price is exempt from this Policy, since the other party
to these transactions is the Company itself and the price does not vary with the market, but is fixed by the terms of the option agreement, or the Company
withholding a portion of the shares underlying the options to satisfy exercise price or tax withholding requirements. This exemption does not apply to the sale
of any shares issued upon such exercise and it does not apply to a cashless exercise of options, which is accomplished by a sale of a portion of the shares issued
upon exercise of an option.
Post-Termination Transactions
If a person is in possession of material nonpublic information when their service terminates, that individual should not trade in Company securities until that
information has become public or is no longer material.
Consequences for Violation
Directors and employees who violate this Policy shall also be subject to disciplinary action by the Company, which may include ineligibility for future
participation in the Company’s equity stock option and other incentive plans or termination of employment or service.
- 3 -