Pursuant to U.S. federal and state securities laws, Insiders may be subject to criminal and civil fines and penalties as well as imprisonment for engaging in
transactions in the Company’s securities at a time when they are in possession of material nonpublic information regarding the Company or its subsidiaries. In
addition, Insiders may be liable for improper transactions by any person (commonly referred to as a “tippee”) to whom they have disclosed material nonpublic
information regarding the Company or its subsidiaries or to whom they have made recommendations or expressed opinions on the basis of such information as
to trading in the Company’s securities.
Individual Responsibility
Every executive officer, director and employee, consultant and contractor has the individual responsibility to comply with this Policy, and the applicable laws
of their jurisdiction. An Insider may, from time to time, have to forego a proposed transaction in the Company’s securities even if he or she planned to make the
transaction before learning of the material nonpublic information and even though the Insider believes he or she may suffer an economic loss or forego
anticipated profit by waiting. Trading in the Company’s securities during the trading window (including with pre-clearance) should not be considered a
“safe harbor,” and all directors, executive officers and other persons should use good judgment at all times.
Compliance Officer
● The Company’s Chief Legal Officer shall serve as the Insider Trading Compliance Officer (the “Compliance Officer”). The duties of the Compliance
Officer shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
● Pre-clearing transactions as required under this Policy.
● Assisting, as requested, in the preparation and filing of Section 16 reports (Forms 3, 4 and 5) for Section 16 reporting persons.
● Serving as the designated recipient at the Company of copies of reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Section 16 reporting
persons under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
● Circulating the Policy (and/or a summary thereof) to all employees, including Section 16 reporting persons, on an annual basis.
● Assisting the Company in implementation of the Policy.
● Coordinating with Company counsel regarding compliance activities with respect to Rule 144 requirements and regarding changing requirements and
recommendations for compliance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act and insider trading laws to ensure that the Policy is amended as necessary to
comply with such requirements.
The duties may be delegated by the Compliance Officer to such other individuals as the Compliance Officer deems appropriate.
* * * * *
Attachment 1
Persons subject to trading window restrictions
Insiders, as defined in the Company’s Insider Trading Policy, except employees, contractors and consultants who are employed or retained through a direct or
indirect subsidiary and who:
● are not included, as a matter of business practice, in the distribution of corporate information about the Company and its financial performance,
● are not integrated into the Company’s email systems, and
● do not have access to consolidated financial data.
- 4 -