Table of Contents
NETFLIX, INC.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(unaudited)
1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
The accompanying interim consolidated financial statements of Netflix, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the “Company”) have been prepared in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S.”) and are consistent in all material respects with those applied in the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on January
23, 2026. The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires
management to make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Significant
items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the amortization of content assets and the recognition and measurement of income tax assets and
liabilities. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the
circumstances. On a regular basis, the Company evaluates the assumptions, judgments and estimates. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The interim financial information is unaudited, but reflects all normal recurring adjustments that are, in the opinion of management, necessary to fairly
present the information set forth herein. The interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements and related notes included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. Interim results are not necessarily
indicative of the results for a full year.
There have been no material changes in the Company’s significant accounting policies as compared to the significant accounting policies described in the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025.
Stock Split
On November 14, 2025, the Company completed a ten-for-one forward stock split of the Company's issued common stock (the “Stock Split”). Each
shareholder as of the record date of November 10, 2025 received nine additional shares of common stock for every share held. References made to share or per
share amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and applicable disclosures have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split.
Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted
In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2024-03, Income Statement￾Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, requiring public
entities to disclose additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to the financial statements on an interim and annual basis. ASU 2024-
03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2024-03.
In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-10, Government Grants (Topic 832): Accounting for Government Grants Received by Business Entities,
which establishes authoritative guidance on the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of government grants. Under ASU 2025-10,
government grants are recognized when it is probable that the entity will both comply with the conditions of the grant and the grant will be received. The ASU
provides specific accounting models for grants related to assets and grants related to income, including options to recognize government grants as deferred
income or as a reduction of the asset’s cost basis. The ASU also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature of government grants, significant terms and
conditions, accounting policies applied, and amounts recognized in the financial statements. ASU 2025-10 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2028, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of
adopting ASU 2025-10.
In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-11, Interim Reporting (Topic 270): Narrow-Scope Improvements, which clarifies the guidance in Topic
270 to improve the consistency of interim financial reporting. The ASU provides a comprehensive list of required interim disclosures and introduces a
disclosure principle requiring entities to disclose events since the end of the last annual reporting period that have a material impact on the entity. ASU 2025-11
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2025-11.
2. Revenue Recognition
The following table summarizes revenues by region for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025. Total revenues are inclusive of
hedging gains (losses) of $(133) million and $165 million for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. See Note 8 Derivative Financial
Instruments and Hedging Activities for further information.
8