Table of Contents
Content obligations include amounts related to the acquisition, licensing and production of content. Obligations that are in non-U.S. dollar currencies are
translated to the U.S. dollar at period end rates. An obligation for the production of content includes non-cancelable commitments under creative talent and
employment agreements as well as other production related commitments. An obligation for the acquisition and licensing of content is incurred at the time the
Company enters into an agreement to obtain future titles. Once a title becomes available, a content liability is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Certain agreements include the obligation to license rights for unknown future titles, the ultimate quantity and/or fees for which are not yet determinable as of
the reporting date. Traditional film output deals, or certain TV series license agreements where the number of seasons to be aired is unknown, are examples of
such license agreements. The Company does not include any estimated obligation for these future titles beyond the known minimum amount. However, the
unknown obligations are expected to be significant.
Legal Proceedings
From time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is subject to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee
relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of
complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company's view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto
unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been
incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the
Company's operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations.
The Company is involved in litigation matters not listed herein but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at
this time. The Company's view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold.
Non-Income Taxes
The Company is routinely under audit by various tax authorities with regard to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-income tax audits
primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to our revenue in certain jurisdictions. We accrue, as operating expenses, non-income
taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable.
Guarantees— Indemnification Obligations
In the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into contractual arrangements under which it has agreed to provide indemnification of
varying scope and terms to business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of the Company’s
breach of such agreements and out of intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In these circumstances, payment may be conditional on
the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract.
The Company's obligations under these agreements may be limited in terms of time or amount, and in some instances, the Company may have recourse
against third parties for certain payments. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and certain of its officers that
will require it, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers. The
terms of such obligations vary.
It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments under these or similar agreements due to the
conditional nature of the Company’s obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. No amount has been accrued in
the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to these indemnification obligations.
10. Stockholders’ Equity
Equity Incentive Plans
The Netflix, Inc. 2020 Stock Plan is a stockholder-approved plan that provides for the grant of incentive stock options to employees and for the grant of
non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units to employees, directors and consultants.
Stock Option Activity
Stock options are generally vested in full upon the grant date and are exercisable for the full ten-year contractual term regardless of employment status.
The following table summarizes the activities related to the Company’s stock options:
18