NETFLIX, INC. FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL JUL 16, 2026
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 5
Question and Answer
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
We'll now take questions submitted by the analyst community. We'll begin with a question on our guidance and our business outlook,
and this question comes from Steve Cahall of Wells Fargo. What is the main driver of FX-neutral revenue growth slowing from 12%
year-over-year in 2Q to 11% year-over-year as the guidance for the third quarter suggests.
Spence, do you want to take that?
Spencer Adam Neumann
Chief Financial Officer
Yes, sure. Sure. Thanks, Steve. So look, we don't manage the business on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Our goal is to sustain healthy
revenue and profit growth. We talked about that in our letter every quarter. We're guiding, as you say, to 12% revenue growth in
Q3 reported, 11% FX neutral. The Q3 revenue drivers are very similar to Q2. It's primarily growth in our subscription revenue from
increases in memberships and pricing and higher ads revenue. We continue to see healthy acquisition and retention trends on the
membership side and our recent price adjustments are going well on the pricing side.
Now recall, there is a little bit of quarter-to-quarter choppiness in growth because last year was more back half weighted. So that may
be a little bit of what you see in the deceleration. But honestly, it's not what we manage to. We manage to the full year. And halfway
through the year, we're making strong progress against our goals, and we're tracking to our financial plan for 2026. We expect to
deliver another strong year with, as we saw -- as you see in the guide, 13% to 14% top line growth for the full year. That's roughly
12% FX neutral or about $6 billion of incremental revenue year-over-year.
And by the way, when we finish 2026, it's worth saying also that in many ways, we're still just getting started as a company. We're
entertaining an audience approaching 1 billion people with still lots of room to grow into our addressable market on every measure.
We're under 45% penetrated into addressable households around the world. It's roughly 800 million addressable households. We're
capturing, we think, just 7% of addressable revenue market. It's about $670 billion of addressable revenue in the countries and
categories in which we operate today. And we estimate that we're only about 5% of TV view share globally. So we're delivering on
our 2026 plan, and we believe we've got lots and lots of runway for solid growth ahead of us.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Thanks, Spence, for that thorough answer. I'll now move us along to a topic on the topic of engagement where we do have several
questions. This first one is from Rob Sanderson of Loop Capital Markets. His question is, management has stated that engagement
quality is improving even as reported viewing hours per member have softened. Can you help investors understand what internal
metrics provide confidence and how these translate into lower churn, pricing power, higher ads monetization, et cetera? At what point
would slow growth in total viewing hours become a concern?
Gregory K. Peters
Co-CEO, President & Director
I'll take this one and unpack it a bit since I know that there's plenty of interest in this topic. Start by saying there is not a linear
relationship between view hours and revenue and profit because all hours are not created equal. All hours don't provide the same kind
of value to the business. And a really great example of this is live programming. So live events do a lot of lifting for us for acquisition.
They're good for monetization. They drive ad revenue, fandom. They're also a promotional platform, but they do not yield typically as
many raw view hours. So live, we expect will be 5% of our content budget this year, but we think that will only be 1% of view hours.
Having said that, 6 out of top 10 new member sign-up days over the past 5 years have come from live events. And if you compare
that to another content category, take animation series, kids family TV, it's also about 5% of our content spend, so the same amount
of spend, but it's going to drive, we expect 8% of view hours. So same spend and 8x the raw view hours. You can see the differences
there, even though because as indicated by the amount that we're investing in both those categories being the same, we think they're
doing the same value for the business.