NETFLIX, INC. FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL JUL 16, 2026
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 6
So we're constantly looking to improve across every dimension of engagement. We look at these as 3 dimensions: quality, variety,
quantity, because they, taken collectively, drive acquisition, they drive retention, they drive the value that our consumers and our
advertising partners ascribe to our service. We described in the last few earnings calls the progress that we've made on quality over the
years. We're not going to go into the details of that quality metrics because, frankly, it's taken years for us to develop it and vet it and
assess it and improve it, and we think that those details are a competitive advantage.
We're also continuing to expand the variety of our entertainment offering. You see us launch new types of content like live, like video
podcast, cloud TV games. Those are all doing things, different things in our portfolio to support different needs from our members.
And then on quantity, view hours grew 2% in the first half of 2026. That's an incremental 1.5 billion hours relative to the same period
last year. It's a slight acceleration compared to 1.5% growth in 2025. And just to be very clear, like all those other dimensions, we
remain focused on continuing to grow that number.
And better understanding how we are doing at delivering member value, member love is critical to our business. We get it. We geek
out on improving that understanding, operationalizing that understanding. And with regard to engagement, when I started about 20
years ago, we had one number to describe engagement, hours, just flat hours, no weighting, no adjustments and very similar to how
we've evolved other metrics in the business. Since then, we've gone through about a dozen major iterations of our understanding that.
We get more and more sophisticated because we know, ultimately, it's combined quality, variety and quantity of engagement that
translates into satisfaction and value for members. And that drives the strong business outcomes we see right now, industry-leading
retention. We see increased willingness to pay, strong advertiser demand. And those ultimately drive the top-level metrics of our
business, revenue and operating profit, which are really the ultimate signs of our health.
Spencer Adam Neumann
Chief Financial Officer
[indiscernible] the visual of you geeking out, Greg. It's hard to see Spencer geeking out, but I can see us geeking out.
Theodore A. Sarandos
Co-CEO, President & Director
Those are 20 years of debate and wonkiness.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Well, let me geek out on the next question, which comes from Steve Cahall of Wells Fargo. His question is, amortization expense
for content growth is accelerating in 2026. How is the slate performing? And what metrics are we watching to see how this growth in
content drives increased member value? How do we think about the expense acceleration converting into revenue acceleration?
Theodore A. Sarandos
Co-CEO, President & Director
I'm going to take that, Steve. Look, I think when it comes to programming spend, there are 3 really important takeaways. First, to
remember is that the vast majority of our programming spend goes into the core TV series and film, where we have a really strong
track record, more than a decade of translating those investments into value for our members and returns for the business. I'm going to
come back to that core in just a second.
But the second one is that we're really disciplined investors. So there isn't some hyper acceleration of content investment. We grow
the content spend slower than revenue while we're continuing to invest in a huge addressable market. So we're forecasting content
expense up about 10% this year. It's a little higher than the 8% we averaged over the last 5 years and below the 14% that we averaged
over the past decade.
The third thing we want you to remember here is that when we expand into new entertainment offerings, new initiatives, we do it
gradually. We do it where we believe we can add more value for our members, and we do it where we believe we have the right to
win. And then we look for the positive signals before we invest at material scale. This is our MO. It's been our MO for some time.
You asked how the slate is performing. There's a lot to be happy with in Q2. I Will Find You. It was our biggest launch of original
series this year. Swapped is on track to become the second biggest original animated film right behind KPop Demon Hunters, which
is exciting. Speaking of K-pop, we have K-dramas like Teach You a Lesson, which is on track to become the second most watched
South Korea show ever globally. And it's on track to be our biggest series in South Korea of all time.