NETFLIX, INC. FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL JUL 16, 2026
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 7
There's a show called The Polygamist. You probably -- is not on your radar, maybe, Steve, but it's out of EMEA. It's another great
example of the -- of our understanding of the local markets and the local regions. The Polygamist was a popular novel from Zimbabwe
more than 10 years ago, from an author named Sue Nyathi. And the teams adapted that into a soapie series for South Africa, where it's
now a huge hit and is traveling all over the region and all over the world.
In Latin America, we've got a big season that just came back for Rosario Tijeras. This was a show that started its life as a licensed
show from TV Azteca in Mexico. After 3 successful seasons, we picked it up and produced an original Season 4, Season 5 and just
screened out Season 6. So you're seeing the slate perform around the world, which is in a real differentiated part of our business.
Now with that said, with the core, we're also really pleased with the investment so far in our live programming. It plays a really
important role, as Greg mentioned earlier, driving acquisition, accelerating ad revenue, fueling conversation, helping us to launch new
shows. It's helped us build our -- and it's also helping us to understand what are the benefits of live over the entire catalog. So we're
ramping up our live event slate. You saw The Kevin Hart Roast (sic) [ The Roast of Kevin Hart ] in Q2, the Major League Baseball
Home Run Derby earlier this week. What was really fun at Derby, we had -- we produced an original and exclusive Hot Ones special
that we shot on a baseball field to promote Will Ferrell's new series, The Hawk, which just launched today actually.
And I think it's a cool example of the intersection between our core, that core series, The Hawk, our expansion of the new exclusive
creator content with Hot Ones with Sean Evans as a best-in-class creator. We're thrilled to be in business together, plus live sports, all
coming together on a baseball field and on Netflix around the world. The result there is a highly attractive, scalable return on content
investment, and it ladders up to healthy business metrics that Greg just detailed and our strong growth in revenue, dollar profit and
profit margin.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Thanks, Ted. Our next question on engagement comes from David Joyce of Seaport Research Partners. The question is, attention
is being raised that your second season viewing of series is dropping and therefore, affecting engagement growth. How would you
address this? Are you going to revert to releasing one episode at a time or making longer seasons with more episodes or managing the
production process so there is less time between seasons?
Ted, do you want to take that?
Theodore A. Sarandos
Co-CEO, President & Director
Yes. Thanks for asking, David. I really appreciate the question because in aggregate, we are not seeing any material change in our
second season viewing compared to season 1. Our second seasons are performing well within our bands of expectation. Very often,
we see drop-off from Season 1 to Season 2. It's very common in the industry. And it's even more so with us because we launch our
shows so big. So our global reach, our discovery mechanism, releasing all at once, this enables us to find a very large audience early.
So our shows tend to start really big, while most other places, their shows start pretty small and occasionally grow from there. For
example, I just mentioned The Polygamist from South Africa. That show has already had 24 million views in 5 weeks, and it's still
charting. When we look across the entire portfolio, across all the regions, all the content categories, our season 2 falloff is actually
slightly improved this year relative to last year.
Now of course, you can pick any 5 data points to tell any story you want. But I'm going to repeat this. Our season 2 falloff is actually
slightly improved this year relative to last year. So no changes in release strategies.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Thanks, Ted. The next question comes from Vikram Kesavabhotla of Baird. Last quarter, you shared that the World Baseball Classic
was a significant driver of sign-ups in Japan. What have you observed with respect to the retention and engagement of these members
since then? How has this influenced your perspective on the value of regional live programming?
Theodore A. Sarandos
Co-CEO, President & Director
Yes. Thanks for asking. Our -- we talked about this a lot last quarter. It was -- World Baseball Classic on Netflix in Japan was a huge
hit. It became our most watched program ever in Japan. It was the biggest baseball streaming event ever. World Baseball Classic is