NETFLIX, INC. FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL JUL 16, 2026
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 8
kind of like these other big live events, and they behave a lot like our returning seasons of our big shows. They drive disproportionate
sign-ups. And because of that acceleration, they can exhibit slightly higher churn. But the results are exactly consistent with that trend
and in line with our expectations in all of our modeling.
So we're thrilled and we're continuing to see -- to lean into live events because they have a big outsized positive on the business. They
drive conversation, drive net acquisition. So we're going to continue to build out that global live event calendar and include -- expand
it to include some regional live events as well.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Great. I'll now move us on to a series of questions around content strategy. We have actually 2 that are pretty similar, so I will do my
best to combine them. They're from Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson and Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners.
First from Robert Fishman, what is your openness to leverage Netflix's leading global scale to bundle with other streaming services
like Peacock or even consider a streaming channel store to compete with Amazon, YouTube, or Roku?
On a related point, Rich Greenfield asks, while it's only been a few weeks, the integration of TF1 in France, is that integration driving
higher engagement for Netflix, including non-TF1 content? Do you think there is a meaningful opportunity for Netflix to become a
distributor or platform for third-party streaming services around the world?
Gregory K. Peters
Co-CEO, President & Director
Yes, I can take this one. Since the very beginning when we launched our streaming service, we've always sought to expand the
entertainment offering we've got in that service. We wanted to provide more value for our members. Our members consistently tell
us that they want more from us. We see that in sort of usage behavior. We see it in any kind of testing or modeling we do around the
space. And I would say that fulfilling on that customer desire for more has really been the driver for growth for our business for the
last 2 decades.
This partnership with TF1 is yet just another approach to expanding that offering. We're just adding to the range of capabilities that
we have to do that and the mechanisms we have to do that. We've built a leading streaming entertainment service by combining an
unparalleled selection of high-quality programming, best-in-class product experience. We've got a global footprint, big reach and the
ability then to deliver huge audiences, deep engagement, industry-leading monetization. So whether through licensing or through new
partnerships like TF1, we believe that we can help other producers, other services maximize the value, the relevance of the content
that they invest in by finding those bigger audiences. And we have many, many examples of this effect, including now in this new
model with TF1.
We also believe that such partnerships are good for our members. They enhance the variety of our offering. They're also effective
for our business. And it's early in the TF1 partnership. We're literally 4 weeks in. So there's a bunch that we'll learn through this
process, but we are pleased with the performance we are seeing in that integration. We've been able to enhance our already compelling
service for our French members with even more local French programming, programming we know that they want to watch. We've
seamlessly integrated the TF1 product experience in a way where it supports their brand, but it also keeps things distinct. And we
actually think this approach is advantageous for both them and for us. And the early results from how members are reacting, how
they're interacting are very promising.
So we don't have anything new to announce today. We're going to continue to learn. There's a lot that we'll dig into over time. We also
think that there's a lot we can improve in the product experience already that we've seen. But if we see additional deals that similarly
serve our members that work for our partner, that work for us, we'll certainly consider them.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Thanks, Greg. Robert Fishman has another question in this category. What's the opportunity for Netflix to launch a FAST platform
given the rapid engagement growth in that space? Could Netflix library programming be used as an on-ramp for new subscribers? Or
would you be open to adding third-party license content to compete with other FAST channels for incremental ad dollars?
Gregory K. Peters
Co-CEO, President & Director