NETFLIX, INC. FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL JUL 16, 2026
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 9
Yes. So if you go back more than a decade when we transitioned from one tier, one offering to sort of a set of offerings, we've been
consistently seeking to expand the range of those offerings. So think about that as price and plan choices and widen the spread of
those, give customers more options, more range of choice, both at the lower end and also on the premium side. Maintaining and
increasing accessibility, especially as we expand our content offering around the world, add new customer segments, that's a critical
focus and goal for us. Also optimizing long-term revenue is the other big goal.
A free offering could make sense in some markets, but we have to be thoughtful about cannibalization of paid tiers. We've got
to ensure that we've got the right offering, the right differentiation of that offering. It's probably also worth noting that having an
effective scaled ads business in any candidate country for such an offering is clearly an important enabling factor to make those
economics work. So that's all to say that free is something that we're going to continue to consider, but we have no near-term plans to
launch something.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Great. Thanks, Greg. From -- next is from John Hodulik of UBS. With the addition of video games and more recently, vertical video
clips and podcasts, what other content formats are interesting from a long-term road map perspective? And how should we gauge the
success of these initiatives?
Theodore A. Sarandos
Co-CEO, President & Director
Well, let's not get into areas that we may be exploring here and let's not preannounce anything. But I am pleased with the early
progress we're making with vertical clips for choosing on mobile and certainly video podcasting. We mentioned in the letter, we
announced a partnership with the publishers like Conde Nast and Hearst and People. So we're going to bring on some lifestyle content
on the service next month. And with the podcast, we're super encouraged with the viewing patterns that we're seeing. They have
convinced us that this viewing is definitely incremental for us. We're seeing that in daytime viewing. So we're engaging our members
outside of prime time where we historically have done most of the engagement on Netflix. And keeping in mind since professional
long-form content is a pretty small part of mobile.
It's exciting to see that our video podcasts are out-indexing on mobile for us. So it's a really great progress on both fronts. It's really
important for us to meet our members where they are with the kind of entertainment that they're trying to enjoy. So we've been
building out this great lineup of podcasters include a mix of owned and licensed with creators like Martha Stewart, Kate and Oliver
Hudson have a great new one. We're thrilled to have Jay Shetty's On Purpose exclusively on Netflix. And our members are starting
their day with The Breakfast Club. They're loving the official Bridgerton podcast, Bill Simmons, Pete Davidson, Brian Williams, just
to name a few. These are examples of us continuing to evolve and deliver members more entertainment value and in more ways to
engage with stuff they love.
But to take a step back and kind of contextualize this, over the last 15 years, the definition of TV has broadened and our definition
has changed along with it. So it's easy to forget. But if you rewind the clock to, say, 2013, we had a single prestige English language
scripted drama show. No unscripted, no local language, no originals, no comedies, no competition shows. And now we're the #1
creative original programming around the world. Just this week, the Emmy nominations were announced, and we have an Emmy
nomination in nearly every category. We didn't even know back in that first year if House of Cards would qualify for the Emmys.
There was a bunch of debate as to whether or not it was TV.
So these just announced nominations, I think, are a testament to the quality, the quantity and the variety of our original programming.
These expansions are evolutionary, not revolutionary. They are expansions on the same continuum that we started on years ago,
adding new things as they become available to us as we see signals that our consumers will get value, including in their Netflix
subscription. That continuum has served our members and our business really well. So we're really excited about the progress.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Thanks, Ted. I'll shift us now to a new topic, which is monetization, and I'll begin with advertising. The question is from Steve
Cahall also of Wells Fargo. As you look at the ad tier average revenue per membership today, what are the biggest opportunities for
increasing that monetization?
Gregory K. Peters
Co-CEO, President & Director