NETFLIX, INC. FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL JUL 16, 2026
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 10
Yes. Maybe worth starting by noting that we manage the ads business for total revenue, total revenue growth. So those are the
optimization functions, ARM and fill rates sort of come along for the ride in achieving those goals. Having said that, there's still a gap
between ad tier ARM and then ARM for our standard without ads tier. But that gap is narrowing. And I think of that gap is essentially
near-term underrealized revenue growth. So it represents an opportunity for us. As we improve ads capabilities, we can close that gap
over the time. And you've seen us do exactly that over the last year.
How have we done it? We've expanded demand sources. We continue to execute quickly on our own ad tech stack. We're adding
features. We're adding more ads products. We're adding more measurement. We're making it easier for us -- for folks to transact
with us. Those all drive demand. They drive competitiveness. That yields increased fill rates. It pushes ads arm higher. Those
improvements are really the bulk of the opportunity we have to improve unit performance and monetization for the next few years.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Thanks, Greg. From Sean Diffley of Morgan Stanley, there's a question on pricing. Has there been any change in the receptivity to
price hikes this cycle? And how do you think about the timing and magnitude of taking price? In other words, first quarter versus
fourth quarter seasonality, which is historically a stronger period?
Gregory K. Peters
Co-CEO, President & Director
Yes. Our first half price changes, these are markets like U.S., Mexico, Spain. They've gone well. The results are consistent with prior
price changes. They're consistent with our expectations. So we aren't seeing any real changes in that performance. And then with
regard to timing and magnitude, we really go back to that top-level macro question we've got of have we delivered sufficient value to
our members. We're constantly looking at the signals that help us understand that question, of course, plan selection, plan movement.
We've got retention, which is industry-leading.
So we see improvements in value delivered start to move well in advance of making price adjustments, and then we price behind that
value that we are delivering. Those same signals inform all of our price change. They include the ones that we've made in the first half
of this year, and they help us determine that timing and magnitude that you're getting at. I think also I would be remiss if I didn't use
this opportunity to state that I believe that we are delivering one of the best entertainment values that has ever existed.
As a comparison point, if you go to the U.S. and you take what Netflix subscribers are paying, they pay the least per hour of viewing
compared to comparable SVOD offerings. In some cases, they would have to pay twice as much per hour for a competitive service.
And our ads plan at $8.99 in the United States, we think, is an amazing entry point. It's an incredible value, highly accessible. If you
think about all the entertainment you get for that, it's a pretty good deal.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Thanks, Greg. The next question is from Rich Greenfield of LightShed Partners. How should we think about reports of Netflix
bringing back free trials in select markets? What provoked these tests? And are they a function of increased competition, market
saturation or both?
Gregory K. Peters
Co-CEO, President & Director
Rich, you know well. We are always testing. We're always assessing and trying to improve the service. That definitely includes
trying to understand the best ways to bring new members into Netflix. And our investment in several product capabilities over the
last several years for a variety of reasons have now given us even greater flexibility and capabilities to test different approaches in
different markets, different market segments, different conditions to see how we best bring those folks on.
So for example, we've tested a low-cost first month in Japan that was coincident with the World Baseball Classic. That served us
incredibly well. We've been testing "upgrade on us" options in various different countries and various different conditions around the
world. And as a general part of this test-and-learn strategy now, we're testing free trials for non-rejoining new members in a number of
countries. And obviously, we'll see how they perform and then we'll react appropriately.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations