NETFLIX, INC. FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL JUL 16, 2026
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 11
Our next question is from Vikram Kesavabhotla of Baird. His question is, Netflix has made progress on its cloud-first video game
strategy this year, including the addition of several new titles. How are these games performing on the platform so far? And how
should we expect the video game offering to evolve going forward?
Gregory K. Peters
Co-CEO, President & Director
Yes, I'll start by reminding folks of the market opportunity here. This is roughly $150 billion in consumer spend ex China, ex Russia,
doesn't include ads revenue. We've been building some solid foundations and now we're seeing exciting positive signals that help
inform and give us increased conviction in our future growth and the nature of that growth here. So you mentioned the cloud-based
strategy, those cloud-based TV games, we really see it working. FIFA and Unhinged became our 2 most successful cloud game
debuts, really solid numbers that put it in the top tier of game performance for us.
Another big positive sign is that since last October, so 8 months ago, when we really sort of scaled up this cloud initiative, monthly
active players for cloud games have increased 11x and adoption is significantly ahead of that curve that we had for mobile games with
even higher retention value. So we're definitely excited about that and focused on scaling up cloud games.
We're also seeing positive signals with kids games. So Netflix Playground, which is our app for kids games, no ads, no in-app
purchases, curated set of games, very safe space. We've seen 3x growth in daily players since that launch. That's driven more
engagement in kids mobile games, which is up 600% year-over-year. So that's super exciting to see as well.
Again, we're just getting started here. We're scratching the surface in terms of what we think the total potential of the space offers for
us. You're going to see us continue to calibrate and refine our level of investment here, which is still very small relative to our overall
content spend based on demonstrated performance based on what is working for our members and what's delivering returns to our
business.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Thanks. I'll move us on now to a question from Jessica Reif Ehrlich of Bank of America. Given Netflix's global footprint of
approximately 330 million subscription households, how do you think about leveraging that scale as a strategic asset? How does the
currently consolidating media landscape impact these decisions?
Theodore A. Sarandos
Co-CEO, President & Director
I'll take that. So you're right, Jessica, we do benefit in a number of ways from the tremendous scale that we worked so hard to build
over the last 20 years. We've invested in a number of areas of the business. Look at our tech investment where we spend billions
of dollars every year. And as a result, we have best-in-class discovery, personalization, plus a bunch of great R&D and innovation,
including in production, in distribution, in data that we can draw on to constantly improve every aspect of the business and the breadth
and depth of our content catalog.
These in combination all deliver this kind of flywheel of advantages. We have the biggest, most engaged audience in the world.
Creators and advertisers love that. We lead the industry in monetization. We have better programming ROI because we amortize
across this global footprint and that -- very often, that programming is very travelable. This is good for our members. It's good for our
business. It creates a really healthy model for organic growth. Greg mentioned TF1 earlier. I think it's being able to bring that scale
to work with partners like TF1 in France to bring content to our members in multiple ways and multiple business models. I think that
really helps when we could bring that distribution scale to local players.
And finally, Jessica, I'd say regarding consolidation, the industry has been consolidating for over 10 years. So this isn't new. We focus
all of our energy on pleasing our members and sustaining healthy growth for the business.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Thanks, Ted. Our next question comes from Sean Diffley of Morgan Stanley. What have been the early learnings from the
InterPositive deal? And how should we think about potential cost savings in content creation? Could the impact of your $20 billion
cash content budget -- could this impact your $20 billion cash content budget on a go-forward basis? Or is it more likely to be
reinvested into more content and better compensating talent?