NETFLIX, INC. FQ2 2026 EARNINGS CALL JUL 16, 2026
Copyright © 2026 S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global Inc. All Rights reserved.
spglobal.com/marketintelligence 12
Ted?
Theodore A. Sarandos
Co-CEO, President & Director
Well, look, it's early days for InterPositive, but we're broadly seeing that gen AI is starting to have an impact across hundreds of
our productions. So important to note that we have other gen AI tools in addition to InterPositive. We're thrilled with all the speed
they're bringing to market for us. But we also have Eyeline and we have our animation lab. And what's cool is that they're all working
together to drive innovation.
We said in the letter, but gen AI is scaling quickly across the entire creative process, from concept to pre-vis through post and
delivery. We're making higher quality output more quickly and efficiently than we could have using traditional methods. So gen AI
workflows now have been used in roughly 300 of our titles with the largest concentration right to date is on post-production. But we're
leveraging gen AI for really complicated shots and sequences. We called this out in the letter, but things like enhancing crowds or
historical battle scenes, those kind of things.
And keep in mind that in many of the cases, productions would have left out those key shots because they just wouldn't have been able
to afford them, they wouldn't have been able to do them in the time frames that they're working on. So those sequences are saved by
the availability and access to these Gen AI tools. On the content side, we believe it takes great artists to make something great, and
AI is not changing that. AI will give creators better tools to bring their visions to life. Movies are being made by people who make
movies. AI provides them with better tools to make them even better.
So today, our talent leverages tools for things like set references and pre-vis and VFX and sequence prep and shot planning, which
all makes the production itself so much more smooth and efficient and fast. And that's just the beginning. We're seeing it across the
entire production life cycle and AI -- those use cases are scaling faster and faster. So our documentary series we just released called
American Experiment. That series features 17 minutes of AI-enhanced footage. It enabled us to expand the scope of the series in ways
that just wouldn't have been feasible before. Those 17 minutes, Sean, they were produced twice as fast and at half the cost of previous
options.
So by equipping creators with these tools, we believe they're going to enhance their abilities, and we are going to have better and more
impact for every dollar we spend on our programming. So content creation time lines can be shortened and quality can be enhanced.
So the cost savings will likely be reinvested into more content on the service, which fuels high-quality engagement and that whole
kind of revenue profit flywheel that's going to come from that, that we've been talking about from day 1.
Spencer Wang
Vice President of Finance, Corporate Development & Investor Relations
Thanks, Ted. We have time for one last question, and we'll take that from [ Dan Kurnos ] of StoneX. And it's a question around capital
allocation. Given recent reports around Lionsgate that Netflix has denied and broader speculation around interest in NBCUniversal,
how should investors think about the line between opportunistic IP and library acquisitions and larger-scale M&A that could change
Netflix's capital allocation or strategic profile?
Theodore A. Sarandos
Co-CEO, President & Director
Well, I'll take this, if you don't mind, guys. Dan, we're not going to comment on market speculation, but I'd like to take the opportunity
to remind everyone about our core philosophy. We have multiple ways to achieve our goals, producing, licensing, partnering,
and we're constantly seeking ways to allocate our resources in the most attractive options to maximize value for our members and
delivering for a return for our investors. As we've said, we are primarily builders, not buyers, and that remains the case today. So
others will speculate about our intent to -- here because they have their own reasons for that. But our track record is clear that we have
a very high bar to do any big M&A.
Spence, do you want to add anything?
Spencer Adam Neumann
Chief Financial Officer
Maybe I'll chime in a little bit specific to capital allocation, Ted. So Thanks, Dan. So look, there's -- I just want to be really clear, there
is no change to our capital allocation philosophy. We invest in the business, both organically and opportunistically through M&A.